i always had a feeling I would have to get over what people thought of me, and I wondered how I would ever get there. I got so good at being great for others, how could I let this image free. 
Israel is spitting truth in my face in the most beautiful tragic and mesmoring ways, i am forgetting whats its like to care what other think of me. My old life in Canada feels like a dream I cant remember how it felt to be there. Only the images reply in my mind about the person I tried so hard to be. 
I never felt at home in Canada, I felt like an alien. Someone way far removed from its context. 
Here in Israel I feel I have met my people again. These people are faced with the deep complex truth of reality, each one of them has to deal with the dark shadows of life in there own way. No one can pretend here. I came from pretend land, where the only problems we must face are domestic. I came from a safe space, I came from protection.

There is no protection here from the harsh landscape of earth. The country is saturated with deep tragety and deep hope. These feelings are not unfanilar to me, but until I met my partner they only lived in side. Dror came into my life and brought me though every world and side of the complex reality on earth. He is more than smart, his genius is to combine as many contradicting elements as possible, and ask for more. He welcomes in the shadows, invites them to dinner, and listens to them bicker all night while he watches and falls in love. Drors heart is open to the world, 