
March 17th 1996 - the next galactic wave 
Dear Ellias, 

The body is hollow. Celestial fluid can play through the body, we do it all the time. Nothing is so very solid as we think. This is very fortunate, because the body is hollow the interior life forces are able to play through each layer of the body. They can bring in wave on wave of galactic forces - galaxy into life into matter, is the wave of time. But a body has remained somewhat static during the modern times, it has solidified into what seems like a very substantial, dense, heavy way of operating. Most of this energy in slowing down to almost inert levels, feels like it is not energy any longer but rather a thick consistency of "this is the way it always was and always will be."

When body becomes virtually solid mass, to the subjective human eye, seeing from body surface consciousness; the galactic currents of perpetual streaming moving seem to be out there in empty space and do not seem to come down and out this far. Apparently a circumscribed sphere envelops us in this habitual world we are in. There may be majestic motion way out there somewhere, but we "know" that here in body land, we must labour in a hard quarry to get anywhere, and even if we do all else will stay the same. 

It is mesmerizing to think this way, to feel this way, to have the sensations of stuck in the hardness is to be in a trace of negation. We do not like these bodies, for they are trapped. When ideology trumpets some form of lightness and freedom, we sense that this will mean release from the body prison, we half fear it and half crave it desperately. Just to be as light outside as we are inside, once again. 

So hard for those who live and die by the law of bodies to conceive the way this galaxy truly is at cellular levels. We picture the whole thing with this compulsive theme with being hard under and loose free, so of course we assume that the 2 poles of the whole galactic existence are perpetually the hard under and the loose free. Then we think that the hard under is our condensed punishment, executed condition, the one we fell for. We think that the loose free is for those who deserve it, are less twisted and can float beyond this maras. 

Could it ever be that there is a surging polarity between these 2 which transforms both of them into something else. Might it be true that what is hard and what is soft, what is heavy and light, are cellularly interchanging and in a sense teaching each and showing each other more. What would happened if this existence inside this particular galaxy were geared towards the currents transmitting what it is like to find yourself down this far, and then other current transmitting what it is like to be spun beyond this incarnate space into the myriad subtle web works, but then would it turn out that having gotten frozen into heavy body posture was damnation. Or might the story go that it is a courageous act to venture into such a state, and this is frontier to dance beyond, to come all the way through. Perhaps what we ordinarily tell ourselves about the body state is a lost thread we are trying to remember, but we just talk it out of pain and fear and we cant quite recall the purpose we stared out with, the purpose calling us to reconnect, to unite with the whole picture again. We have been a long time beating around these bushes, beaten up by what we take through us and somewhat brutalized in the process. We have grown accustomed to taking things on, it's just beaten into us that we take on solid matter, and suffer on to it, and even curse it for its imposition upon you. We have shown each other ways to get further lost, and so this species has had the guts to go this far wrong. We could go under, what amazing attainment. 

These folks, these solid state human beings, even while their bones are still hollow, and even when their science shows them empty space everywhere, they retain the foolish fibre to hold to a position thats so far wrong, and yet carves out a space that is so far right. These human characters got assigned to a tough one, and when they were most lost during that 20th century in their time they just about believed every lie they would tell themselves, no distortion was to far for them to go. the thrust was down and out and they got there by the end of that time. 
Then what did they find, simply that they had anchored spirit into matter, stayed with it, done the job. Their minds had gotten strange along the way, but this hearted band, had despite their tortuous self images, agonizing self accusations, in actually living truth, fulfilled what they started out to do, pulled the whole galaxy down to it densest point. Even then as the 21st century dawned there was one last finishing touch. Could they after everything else, also bless and affirm what they had done. Could they turn around and receive and respond to, the appreciate beholding of all the beings looking on. Might they then forgive themselves, everything, and start to enjoy and make something out of this body way of life. Because the way this galaxy works is for these probes, these far possibilities, these astounding evolutionary waves to be taken all the way. We do not stop at the dark center and end the vision in the thickest place - instead we are given from there a push off, a great boost, hitting bottom, brings with it a piercing laser beam of being propelled a whole lot further into the other side of the arc. 

Yes, the hollow body lets life force through, the minds that forgets the body is really hollow pictures that the life force can never get through, and such a mind has almost the power to prove its strange point. It can just about stop the life force for a suspensive moment in time. Then the turn around comes, body itself disproves what mind keeps on proving. Body itself starts to rumble, earth and body, root and gut, that is where it starts. Way deep comes a power, that says the life force is here in the place it was suppose to be gone, this is where the mind is forced to look again. 

What can a body do, What can a body do that a mind closely watching is sure it can never do? While a body carries a resonance with what we can never see in outer eye vision, and this resonance is everything. The visible body tries to behave as we think it should, but the inner body, the one that is all life forces is drawn to the whole galaxy by its intrinsic vibrancy and sometimes the inside gets unstuck to surprise us all. 

part 2 

To sing inside a hollow chamber is to embody truly. This is not a body that can be taken all through, to where it wants to go by any prosaic means. Spirit has to arrive in the most unlikely space and time as a spontaneous free discovery. Body has laboured all this way forever to make this one simple event likely. When we picture futures for such bodies we need to conceive something which we have been talking ourselves out of for so long, that it might take us quite some permission to really conceive it. What we have said is that the laws of the physical plane are determinative, are fixed, are wondrously and terribly implacable. What we have talked ourself out of is the remembrance and the vision of how we change these bodies. 

There is no future for a static body in a planet which is suffering from the massive infliction of too many such bodies operating like they were static. The thing itself, the shift, the energetic wave that turns the world around, this is simple and straightforward. It taken the root system of the planet body and the root system of the human body, spins them into perfect synchronization, and then dials this shared frequency into an evolving matrix that is designed to carry it into a whole new orbit of evolutionary dynamism. The power of what has come into the earth body, and the human body as they have penetrated to such a depth, can seed a whole new way of being if they are brought into resonance and each one of them is spun beyond its self betrayal. 

The physical human body was so caught up by mind, that it betrayed itself, atomized it to fragments, forgot its life pulse code, the physical earth body suffered a similar fate. As the human inhabitants lost their true body, and took on a shell body they gradually imposed the shell body structures upon the body of the earth. Gradually then the body of the earth lost its organic continuity within itself, and with the human body. As soon as we think abut this, contemplate how lost we've becomes, picture it as concretely and literally as we like to, we start to fall under the spell of what we are seeing. So it is vital in the very moment that we acknowledge that we lost the true pattern, we recognize that this was not terrible sin, grotesque error but what what we were meant to do. 

Let us just say that the trap we set ourselves and fell for was a very attractive one. We would be set free from the earth, set free from ourselves, set free from all necessity, if we could drop out of the pure cosmic continuity we would then come into our own more personal way of being. Independant  of laws chosen by our basic selves, and so strongly ours, we wanted and we needed this. It is too easy and smug just to reject our historical pattern, and it is not at all appropriate. For we came down, travelled so very far because we became these personal mortal body selves, in order to scoop out a very big space, and there was no other way to do it. We had to generate a zone, one free of the divine, in its outer workings, it had to be just ours, only accessible to the personal one, she who is in this body and needs a place to put it, that she can stay with. Our earth evolution streams along so many ways, and all of them are legitimate. Even the modern anti-body anti-earth conciseness, is justified valid and something we had to experience. Yes we got tricked into it, yes the ones who did it were themselves apparently caught in the deception of things, and yes we fermented this many times over. But the path so steep and demanding of creating a world immune to the total way of being, this was our path, here our density enacted itself. 

It is just that the time for this is over. If we reject it all now we cannot put it behind us. It is so tempting to do it that way, to try that, then we can admit what fools we were and get on with something much brighter. But this is the step, this next one, which the divided mind cannot do this way. There is not questions about it, if we wish to claim the true body path, out of our lost time, we will need to gaze back upon our whole journey tell this point, forgive it, bless it , honour it. These are provocative realities, reactive styles are the trap, responsive moves are being asked for. We are so accustomed to reactive style's, that hardly know what a response move would feel like.  
Let me tell you what the responsive move is like it this body. 

It starts at the root, you feel quickened, enlivened, charged. A fiery force arrises from the depth of your being, from the depths of the world. It surges through your root charka, and brings you into the remembrance that you can be be totally alone and this is your always place, forgotten and never lost. 

As the spark crosses your second charka, and at gut level you feel this intensive desire to once again walk with destiny, follow the law of your being, be on with what lives inside of you. This may seem self evidently to be the one path you can align with now, and it is here, tugging mightly. 

As this life forces moves up to the 3rd charka, you meet in your solar plexus all the reactions, evaluation's, interpretations and associations which previously held you fast. But the responsive evolutionary current moves right through these and says that they are just the surface turbulence of outer most phenomenon. They only thing to do with them is to let them go and move on, enjoying this movement and not stopping to figure out. 

The spark now crosses into the 4th chakra, your heart catches fire with the recognition that you are here, that you have returned to yourself and you can be here with yourself and all. It is just a matter of feeling the power and breathing with it, you know how to do it, trust the heart to show you. 

When the 5th chakra catches the wave it turns into a subtle tone, which is in your throat and wants to be attended to. There is a silence around it, a beautiful feeling in it, and a slow rhythmical pulse to its desire to come forth and be sounded. You are the sounding of the tone, you are something inside that will always be coming out and that will always remain quietly resounding.  

As you bring this tone through, the 6th chakra spreads the word. Your brow sparks consciousness and so you do at last recognize that this life wave is turning you into your original and ultimate self. It is light self illuminate and the seeing is a beingness which keep spreading, opening, freeing. 

At last you reach the crown, 7th charka, here and beyond lie all the realms we have previously abstracted and felt we did not deserve to be in. Now it becomes clear that we were on probations, we held away from the limitless, until we could stay with it, hold steady within the total reality, as the spark hits the crown, we emerge as ourself, and we say a glad yes to every step taken. 