
it started with the perception of time. It was clear to me as a little girl, something was going on behind the seems of all the planning adults were doing. There seemed to be another current creating this whole experince, and these adults seemed to be more in response to it, than they we creating with it. Much focus on time, getting on time, doing on time, having a good time. And yet something else seemed to persist stronger under all this planning. 

To make matters more confusing. My father who collects an insane amount of antiques, had an obsession with clocks. There were hundreds of clocks in all angles of the house and they were all telling a different time, not moving just paused in their state of exsistance. and each one had its own unique state of exsistance. Each clock came from a different period in time. So naturally time didnt fee like, time, it felt like
some expression of art. 

All of this registered on a very subtle level since I can remember I remember knowing I had a job todo, that it would be very funny, and it will be about time.I was walking up the road at my cabin when I was a child talking to my uncle. i told him that of corse i would be following my dreams in this life time. He said, not many people have the courage to follow thier dreams. I felt confused and a little anger, what else was their to do on earth. I made it my mission in that moment to follow my dreams no matter where they lead me. 

And they were leading me, sycronicities followed my every step. I was being consumed under the current, forming an understanding about an energy I could not explain. Everything was adding up slowing and under the current in small ways. But the world I was raised in and the people around me were doing the exact opposite. That world was consumed in the results of what was really here. In in the prof, in the grades, in the sports, in a house hold raised by teachers, many things are seen in a literal form. But my world was dreaming into something else. 

I remember a statue of a Buddha in our family room. i remember asking my dad what I hands meant, one hand was open to receive, and one was pushing away. He said that is the give, and take, what the Buddha believe. Something clicked about how simple it was. In science class we learned the water cycle, and I became to picture the earth in its living organism form. In 8th grade my friend and I guessed everyone in the classes birthday month, and got most of the correct. When i had my first orgasm I was convinced their was electricity in my body.

I had discovered the behind the scenes footage of a harry potter DVD and lay in bed that night processing the world. I had been terrified of the little girl ghost in the movie, it was consuming my life in weird ways. I couldn't flush the toilet without the fear of her coming out, and other movies that I had watched also haunted me. But when I discovered the behind the scenes footage, everything changed. I realized that these world I was confused in weren't real. That I had given myself over to a world that wasnt real, and I made it my mission to uncover this world.So I had an idea, Make a film about the process of making a film. Somehow this idea deeply satisifed me and I went to bed extrodianly happy that night, dreaming of what it might mean, what adventure might unfold, but when I imaged it felt to big to grasp.

This idea faded away into my memory as 