my dearest dror, my big soft beautiful love, 
I am writing you this today to move through some feelings I am having the trouble finding the words, maybe this will help me. 
As I imagined wanting to write this I noticed a fear that came up, and saw a pattern in the relationship I had yet to see before. Our deep encouragement and love for each other, our foundation of building each other up, and making sure the other knows that they are the one for us, I noticed makes it challenging for me to bring up things that are not on this note. 
Through many pages of writing this morning, I discovered that the need for my deepest communication is coming up now. A lot of it is in regards to learning how to express my boundaries, ask for what I need, and ultimately use my voice to its full potential. The world is telling that if I can find the words, if I can speak up for what I feel everything then every door that comes to be can be opened with grace.
On one layer this is showing up with Chen and the money, I am realizing I can have everything I want if I can ask for it. With this option open to me, I am able to see how much fear I have about asking for what I want and need. 
On another layer this is happening with you, I feel fear about hurting you, and it's creating a block in my heart and in my body. I cant escape a truth that I feel an attraction to this person. It snuck up on me in a weird way that I want to share with you in a fearlessly. When I first met him I was excited about being involved in this project, the more i've understood this project the more I saw how we are doing similar things in different ways. I can see how the universe is trying to help us bring the future alive for others. I have yet to meet someone who is doing it more than me, someone who is more obsessed with with creating a world that fosters the growth of the individual. I am experiencing a form of attraction I have never experienced before, and I want use our amazing communication skills to speak about our boundaries around me exploring it further. 
Something I want to mention is how much love the thought of exploring this has brought into my life. For the connection I am experiencing with this person and very different from the one I am experiencing with you. The contrast is becoming clear to me that this is someone I would only want in my life in a very specific way, and it makes me see that he is not someone I would ever want to marry and combine together in life. His energy is far too outward than what I need. It makes me see even clearer that you are the one I will be having children with, you are the one I can spend the rest of my life with, and this person is here to teach me something very specific that will help me expand into the world.  
Over the past few days I have felt a pain in my heart that I know you can feel. The pain is all the fear and guilt I have about having these feelings, 
Im not sure what to do about this only that I wanted to speak about it with you on the phone when 


-