the first picture, the initial vision, the moment of impact, the channel of creativity, this is what is meant to be followed and trusted in. 
In a world always focused on a creative projects final destination we give no credit to the initial vision. It gets revised, it can be played and and shifted on the ipad and photoshop. We never work with a mistake, we just erase and redo on the search for perfection. Taking the picture again and again until its perfect. 
In this hunt, we have forget a nature of what creativity is, a moment of impact followed through, taken each moment to address what is there, to deal the real constraint of time.

The constraint of time is not within a time frame, it is not the imagined amount we think we have to work on something. A time frame is an imaginary constraint. The real constraint of time is that is cannot be repeated, redone, or relived. However we play with time, and creatvity in a way that seems like time can be relived, recpatured, and redone. We design art on screens, we form time through cycles of money, pretending like it is something we can redo, again and again. That this moment is not its own precious entity of experience thatis soemthing that because we can remember it, because we can create something from it, because we can create it again and again, and we make more from it, we forgot what this really is that were working with. 

the moment. The only thing that we can really do and work with is the moment. We can never rewinf or reply.Yet we have given the value of the moment to the reply. 
The same popular videos are repeated on the feed. Taken from multiple account because of the known replay value of the video. Just like we use money as a way to spent our time. Now we use moments. The moments like money are defined by numbers. Its just another way to turn to boxes to create our reality. 