to tell the truth is hard, we all want a nice story, we all want to be insightful and innocent, powerful and truthful. We cannot escape the truth, it will haunt us until we can express it. It will hang out on our shoulder warping and twisting this world around it. If we do not speak our truth then everything will reflect back through the lies we told. We have to opportunity to free ourself, to see through all of it, but it takes a lot of courage. 

I am so afraid to share my truth because of what others will think of me, because of being judged, because of the reflection of the story. I try and play small and innocent. Nothing can be seen without giving it light, when the light enters we are shown how much was hiding, in the absence of our truth. It's a shocking amount of love that waits to be uncovered. Maybe why this is what makes it so hard to share, receiving love means getting over fear. We can become addicted to being small, playing a victim, this keeps us safe. Sharing our love opens us to be vulnerable, for this we need strength. 

The best way to develop the strength to be vulnerable is through exposure therapy. We must be open to see the place we are scared to go, and we must practise going there slowly. Taking the first steps, trying it on, we do not have to make any big changes. We need to slowly wade into the water. I am afraid to share my self online, I am afraid to not be liked or approved. To practise getting over this fear I have created accounts where no one follows me, and then posted random stuff. Then I brought my friends along. Slowly I have gotten used to sharing my fears. My next stage is to talk about these fears. 

