we are a part of a game. "god creation or whatever has invented for us a place and time and space for the whole to come home to. It was created invented a system that would play out all sides of experience,to bring the experience closer to soul. Each individual was a part of the whole coming home, and each one was responsible for addressing sides of the pattern, so that the whole dish can be cooked, and eventually distilled back to its core.It was the journey, the process of this alchemy , we are meant to come and experience. In each life time, following a strand of continuously, constantly weaving and forming like a dna strand. We must respect each-other for their part in the pattern.We must remember for ourself, to remember for those around.We have the opportunity to create tremendous waves through out ability to follow the natural path of creation.To understand what is compromising the system as a part of understanding of self.  

It is as is this thing was a big pie, and it was an evolving pie with many layers rotating under its crust. As you are born you give a tiny little fraction of this pie, and when you are born the slice that you get has a specific flavour based on where the layers were in their rotation. In your life you eat this pie, and slowly digest its layers. You can tell people about the favours of your slice, and they can tell you about the flavours of theirs. But you will not get to try anyones slice but your own, even through flavour are close and we are all from the same pie 