
bringing down the stars so that they become so alive within our own heart center. Not as an idea or concept but as something arises that we meet and comes to grips with as a living energetic frequency. We are amazing but not in the way the world has designed us to be.  
These 12 keys word activations, didn't come up primary as words, although they were given words, they came up as impulses from 12 different star systems. 

**Elixir** 

to do our elixir will bring us back and reunite us with our core nature. It is the key to heal us from all the roles we took on, and to locate us within the space we have always known. Where all the qualities of this world must be able to spring forth from inside, and we can not attempt to control them or have a grip, where we find the space to give them the dance. When we do this we are give the chance to be whole agin, and to reunite with our instinctual being. 

We cant guess someones elixir because it does not come off as a personality type or standard. We must recognize that we can be both fully internally present, and fully externally present and not confuse the two. We can be scared of enter the full potential of this placement because we feel if we are too much like ourself, we cant relate to anybody else. This is the paradox of this world that the more completely full unto ourself we are, the more we can come forward the into the world. Because my source self is the same source as the self of the world. 
you don't want to know about this path, you want to find yourself creatively actively within it. 

Sun: Future self always already there, you are always opening the space a direct open connection with who you are becoming. the earth is used to give us time to gradually get used to being a beam of light. At first we take on the shadow with everyone else and then we gradually become at how with our power. 

Jupiter: We understand something and we might not know what to do with it, but we don't need to be. the one in us who knows is so engaged in forming this inner knowing on the inside, and the only thing we need to know is this inner knowing is happening and we can just go with this inner awakening process thats happening so we can be with it all, all at once. So much more than we ever want to admit, and so much more than we ever want to know, but just enough to be active and real. 

Saturn: We have come here for a reason, and have known this forever. We come into this life with the same sensibility. we are most responsive to the living christ, and we take on a different task and responsibly, to be with what ever is unconditionally. This turns around all the Saturn qualities, so we are now a part of it all rather than standing a way from and look on. 

Alpha Omega: We live in 2 completely different worlds, both equally valid. In the present moment we are a perfect citizen of the past, and in the other we are complete seeker and open spirt to the future. Both worlds cross fertilizes and we are the moving current between them. 

Moon: We are a child and this child is very expression and deeply emotional, and we feel this child is someone that we must really get to know and become, too honour and be with. We must reincorporate the child in the now. 

Mars: The life warrior, and sharp forward thrust, encountering no end of resistance, inner and outer, but is yet, strong and impeccable, and has a transformation energy that is always responsive to this world. Moving with our power. 

The elixir brings out the inner most essence of the planet, the most core drink, comes forth through us as a raw direct primal presence. Becoming our life's presence our life form, to optimize and bring it forth into the circle, to let it resound. If we can be our elixir self in this new world, then we can be our true self, and not caught in borrowed masks. Instead of contracting and contriving our being, so that we can be in our full truth, so that we can not be taken away from our selfs. 

37:20 In the technique oriented astrology of our times, here we are very removed from the life pulse, and far externalized. in this kind of star genesis we are very at one with the life pulse, and we are not estranged from ourself and from our world, this is a shift and different star birth for us. We have viewed ourselves as star starved and orphaned, be the version that cones through traditional comes very far from our essence we've just gotten caught in, i am offering a walk on the wild side to where you can conceive that you can conceive that you are already in a different stage of evolution. 

**Chalice** 

The planet that has a specific and special task and project. The assignment is to create a vessel a vehicle and formative deign, that is your own ensoulment. To give yourself the opportunity to in essence, bring yourself into form, without loosing who you are along the way. To do this we must stay subtle present to our own awareness. Awareness is very unaware of itself, we don't really have space to understand this side of life, so much of the time this part of our self isn't happening. For chalice to really happen we must truly sense that our own life is a genuine karmic endowment, is something to move further forward with, and in essence we have an incredible opportunity to take our life task, to take something that is to be done, and to make it fit so closely with where we are coming from, so that we endow our being into our form, as a genuine destiny, we imprint who we are into what we do, and into how we operate. We extend the source we are tapping in elixir, by giving it form in more than one reality at once. the challenge with chalice is we don't have one form, one reality happening, one way to embody this task we are given. 

In essence we are in once circle in our elixir, and in chalice we are in many different circles within this one circle. As chaotic it may seem to this mind, all these worlds are actually organized and formed  but our own craftsman's like self, that is under influence by many guiding beings, too co create a new way of being. The chalice is a project with many others, that we don't often refer to in these words, the project is to engage in soul making and unmaking, to engage in our own core process so that we don't accept authority and past experience and distort it into fragments and instead we bring all of this forward into our life task. So our job is very rigorous  to fashion ourself into an accurate representative on the outside as you are in the inside, without violating the laws and patterns of the outside. 

We do this by gradual longterm infiltration process, by with eventually our genuine self is ripe enough to take it a step further and further, until we have a way of being that is accurate that is well put other, that is fashioned and foraged into something alchemically rightful and present. Then we are full on into our chalice planet, and we are a co designer of our own existence, always done so by the scruff of our neck, by instinct and an innate understanding. We have a task basically to help the creator beings to refashion this existence but do it at a micro level. We cannot take on the whole of the planet but you can do your part, your micro soul special part. If you can do your part, you will find yourself more and more participating in the planet and being a source point, heard and felt and known.  

We are always very closely accommodated and we don't really know what that means or how to follow it. We meet others and come into communion with others and form from the inside to unveil and overturn what has been obscured, to get at whats underneath and to bring it forward to let it find a viable and sustaining path forward. Where we discover that we can be our own advocate and be our own best friend, rather than completely merged with ourself, we experience simultaneously these many selfs and world that were in without getting overwhelmed an stretched out, so that we can experience all these sides of self are in sync with each other. It turns out that anybody who within us is all related in some way and in a complex weave, and our part is to hold that space open. We are not suppose to do me, we are made to stay open so all that we are a part of can come though ,e. When we compulsively do ourselves, we tend to over reach, have too much pressure, and too much push. So its not a doing me, it's a close attending to a very potent space. 

This side is so tangible, and yet illusive, its so right here, and yet so much more than what we think of as being right here. We grasp it and it goes away and then it comes back. It has to teach you and show you that there is always more, and you can't think that you've got it. 

Theres something about being a seed bearer that wants to be investigated and explored here. Imagine that you bear a seed within you, that it's one of many, and it wants you to unpack it, too looking to it, and feel into it. What kind of seed am I bearing? What have I got here? If i don't have any preconceptions of what i've got, how does what i've got reveal itself to me when I let it.

What is the moon like as chalice? I have this early childhood experience where I come into an uncanny stage of self awareness and it touches me forever, I never leave it behind. This state of grace and interconnectedness keeps on developing, but it stays just under the surface and out of view, not quite conscious. this is because it is a-lot of be as a child as you grow older, for it means we have to participate in this existence from such a total engaging place. We don't get to separate out, everybody always get to separate us, however we are merged with the source of our own life. we feel this is inescapable, and this child will not let us outgrow ourself. the personal world is where w e live and if we can honour that with grace and permission is is difficult to do, but worth pursuing. 

Each of these planets in chalice has various star cycles we are connected with, in the Darmic current the realm of chalice happens between 24 and 28 years old. During this time we go completely crazy, by being glued to the spot of our own experience. We become the vehicle  of this experience in a tight limited way, because we have something to work out in this realm. The false chalice loves to create a respectable role for itself, and to function within it ore then adequately, and fashion ourself a worldly identity that we can get behind and succeed through and at last have it together. We think that this is sensible and necessary. In this process we become incredibly split, and it's a way to get away from ourself, so that we can have a life that we don't really have to engage with, but instead works well and everyone applauds and approves of. Then we can live this externalize life, and then somehow everything is going to work out, and we drop out of our real task, and take on this outer worldly version that everyone respects and honour, but then estranges us from our core life crazy. 

A tremendous amount of time people are busy taking the chalice planet and trashing it and reversing it. We feel insecure about being able to be so spot on in an area and time when no one is suppose to be so engaged in reality. The one this we are most embarrassed about is having a part of ourself that is so intent on forming the vessel of our truth, we are truly each a genius in our own self generated proportions that we cant bear to be this. Our potential to engage in the world is so strong and has so much capacity, but to take this up requires so much engagement with what is not known, that we want to find a formula, or a vessel, or a path to do it for us. It comes from having profound fear and estrangement from out own core. We have to fall for this programming, because we become ordinary, not in away that serves but in a way that decimates. We have to fall to rise. We have to take the strength of our intent and smash it, if we don't go against it we wont know what it is. We must become our own anti self and the we can cherish and honour what we took for granted. What we didn't even realize was extraordinary dimension of full capacity to be fully human in this world, the very thing that this life is all about, is the very thing we wanted to steer clear of because it would commit us, and implicate us, and make us have to be real. It would make us have to serve and help and support and be in this life. In a certain way we want it sense it know and and we are also backing away, because it does make an incredibly powerful demand on us, we have to come to earth, we have in incarnate in the actual planet thats forming here. we have to bring that newly formative sense of self and world into such strong impression, that we embody something that other people will have to stand up and ask what is this? do I agree with this. Instead of slacking off and being everything and nothing. It actually fulfills our karma, not fleeing from it. Being the full version of ourself, not the borrowed externalized, socialized mental version of ourself, but instead the version that we carry as our intensively woven pre-structure, the blueprint, that we want to fill out, and that we dont feel right until we fill out. It feels right, cohesive and congruent, and this life wisdom works through us in rightful timing, and is rightfully upheld with the formal forces of this world. It is something is so definite that we wish to postpone until we can be that definite. We feel we cannot be definite because we feel extremely confounded by the gap between what other people are doing, and what i'm doing and here am I and who am I, and what am I doing here, what do I need to learn? there is a way in which we flee from our own substance. We deny our own birth right, and then our life's journey becomes how do we make emense, how do we come back around and back to it anyways. 

An integral part of the human experience now is to become broken and then put ourself back together. Our life is a series of breakdowns, and an extraordinarily resilient capacity demonstrated to put ourself back tother again. When we put ourself back together we are not the same as whole we once were. The one who couldn't pack it, who had to break done and apart is dissolved and transmuted and taken away. And the next version of me, the next prototype, the one who we have been crafting on the inside suddenly is there and I am them, and they know how to get to the next place and bring all the world with them. We see we had to break down and be ignorant, and look away, however this was just a moment to get our own attention and get our bearings. Actually there is somebody in me who can always find the way again and who relished that challenge Who is disturbed that everything feel apart, and who says ok now we can get to work.

This is the planet that gets to work, when everything falls apart. What starts to click in is our chalice who says this is my cue. Then I will find away, and discover a deeper resonance and resource. Then I will have to do it, because I wont have to cushion and continuity of the external reality. 

We are at a stage in evolution where the whole system will continue to break down and our chalice planet will have a field day, to get to do something that is not just a doing, but rather a participation with the formative design of the new earth together with many beings and worlds. We will get to break down and experience what its like when the past is over and you cant go on, and the self and world are not congruent, and nothing fits or works or is the way it suppose to be. Then the break down comes and the break through comes. From the point of view of chalice, it is only when a little death opening things us that a crack in the world opens and something new is born Chalice is where we can withstand the heat of the new creation, and hold the vessel in tact where all else fails. A crafting of a new self and new reality as an ongoing initiation, with a lot of trial and error, pain and suffering breaking down and cracking and cracking and shattering. this is nothing new, it is older than the hills. It's just that the world is new, and to be with that new world we have to get much more engaged with our chalice than we have ever been before. It's the one that has the steady pulse, that ripeness and maturity, and quality of self possession. This is indispensable. 

The very thing we are strongest and clearest and most precise and most impeccable, is where we wobble, because we don't believe ourself, we don't trust ourself. We don't trust that place because it seems like we didn't earn it, and don't deserve it. However we are looking at it through the wrong end of the telescope, 'its not to be earned and deserved, it's there to be tapped for the good of the whole. Don't even think about if it's worthy or perfect, or if your'e ready for it or the worlds ready for you, these are the wrong questions. The only question is can you embrace you own multi dimensional future in its sober present time capability, to do what ever is asked and whatever is intended within an intended straight on clarity and conviction. Can you recognize that one in you, can you e that one in you, can you offer the ripe fruits of that one in you called chalice. 

**Intonement** 

this is the stage in evolution when we arrive. We arrive in all the places we. don't expect to arrive, and resume all the patterns we didn't know we were in. The arrival that happens in ever deeper layers as we grow older, 'its the return and the part that we come back around.

We will tune into the time where we closed a door and opened another door, where we came back around. The time when a part of us went somewhere else, and another part took charge and brought things forward in the evolution. The one in us that has an ability to navigate in a chaotic dark strange fascinating powerful world, the everyday would in its real substance.

Imagine yourself sitting by the most extraordinary body of water you have ever found, the exact body of water that feels like your insides. You are sitting there for a long time, in a rapt state of amazing, to be there again and as always. Then you realize that there are others that are watching you, some are visible some are not visible. If all these beings are watching you and you are in this space of making a shift and going in a different direction, what was really at stake, what was really going on? Who left and who stayed, who have you become and what are you seeking, who in you is really here. Be in the remembrance, did you once shift your whole incarnation, and where have you been since, and where is it going? Who have you become and what are you seeking? who in you is really here. 

Intonement is where we find our own tone, frequency and vibrations, and we bring it right with us as we come into life. Optimally we be ourself, and bring our own qualities directly through. Very often we don't, and we are hiding and scared. With so much personal history where we have been put through the mill, and we don't want to do it again. We are always in this space where we are just this side of the incredible total commitment to the whole of existence, and the planet plays the edge, and wont really come through as who we are here until we are fully convinced that there is a support system, cause we need context, and need to be a part of something. The whole broader collective is so out of it, so our intonement planet will provide us with guidance. What this does is moment by moment, we become a me from a we.  We go through a shift where everything changes, and we die. Then somebody comes back with a different feel to them, that is us, but a much deeper version of u. We go from maybe somewhere, and someday, to its now its here i'm in it and cant get out of it. 

We battle this experience because it makes us so totally here inside of everything, making us intone the whole of life through us, instead of just the usual context of what we surround ourself with. What if what we surround our self with, was the whole of life genuinely and we connect with the whole of life in your immediate reality. That is the challenge with intonement, and all we have to do is let go completely of who we think we're suppose to be, and we are there. 

The experience is arriving but having to reverse ourself when we arrive. It feels contrarian, we feel like we have to a strange sharp left tune where we come into this body in this life, there is always someone saying can you come here all the way and embody yourself all the way in a world where people forgot.is this cause of the moon ?

Can you be so directly present where you choose life, not over death, but as taking death through it and becoming fully alive. You choose every situation that way, to take the shadow through it and becomes enlivened. Intonement is what happens where we show up and discover that we are not in one world we are in many worlds, and that each all all of them are pulling at us, drawing us out and through, asking us to meet them, asking us to pay attention to them. Media worlds, computer worlds, every world, and we are in this pulled apart space, and then what do e do. We turn it around and do this reversal. The art of living in reversal where everything turns out the other way than we expected and we are already onto it before it even happens and we adapt to that and go the other way, and it turns out to be correct. It's this odd paradoxical behaviour to be magical and slip it under the rug. We can try and sneak being magical, seeing things as a joke, that we we don't have to be right there with it. But what if this isn't a joke, and what if what we're doing here is inedibly strong in its impulse, and is change the world without anybody realize it. What if this incredible force in us is activating now, we are being catalyzed right now to emerge and get on with it these days. 

Intonement energy comes on strong because we're at the verge of activation so that we get it that we are surrounded by lively options and possibilities so that we get it that we're not just in the collective nightmare position. Its a question of directly sensing the life stream of the earth, and your embodiment, and directly sensing how the aliveness inside of you is interpenetrating with the aliveness outside, and there is a continuous movement back and forth. So that you are alive, the world is alive, your aliveness feeds the world and the worlds aliveness feeds you. This is the edge, the key to intonement, for when we can actually sense that we are alive, and the world is too, an incredible alchemy happens when that really clicks and then we find that being in this space, is the very pulse of being in this world at all, and we are in continuous enlivening and being enlivened by the earth and all the being of the earth, and doing the same for them. It doesn't look like this mentally, but this is actually the activation, the direct point of penetration and the moving current of the sift itself. You have a planet in your chart that is constantly like a tuning fork or clear bell, tat is always resonating thats dissonant in the surroundings and whats consonant, and whats harmonious, and whats wondering and whats not that way, its constantly sensing, weighing and being with all this. 

Have you ever fully gotten it that your aliveness in this time is a part of something infinitely beyond that are that you are contributing to that infinitely beyond aspect every time you are active in a deeper a way. The one way that you register and impact genuinely in the earth root is down under when we go further than we've gone before, when we outface our fears and come deeper through. Thats when we start to open the space for the species to evolve through us, where we see that there is nothing less that we can do here. If you want to help evolve the species then we can use our planet is waving you a head and signally you to shift. However most of us are disabled in this realm, and wounded in this domain, collectively, we have this backlog that we must overcome, because we have been at odds at the planet for a long time. This comes through at this level and makes us feel like we are a stranger here, or in exile. We must claim this deeply, and stay with it utterly, and we think it's too much energy to expend, and then we discover this side wants to go to sleep, and we can choose sleep of wakening. There is an every intensifying spiral of people waking us to the fact they are here in the planet at this time and this one is a living organism that is a living vibrant creation, and we are in this continuous extraordinary inter flow between all there inner worlds and all the worlds around them in their natural grace power and intensity. 

People don't often go that far into the world of intonement because we are frightened of it, because when we do go in there we meet all the inhibiting, all the conditioning and programming, and obstacles, we experience the acutely all the time through our intonement planet. We meet the barrier of the world, the obstacle that things are as they've always been and they don't want to change. We meet this all the time, and must find a way to not be stopped by this, but be like a snake, or bird, to move on through in a different way. We are going to be asked to go forward in the evolution and bring everybody with us, and discover what we are really able to do when we are not stuck or stagnent at all. What happens when we mobilize our life force in this activation. 

What is activation? its a space we go into where we discover that we've always somehow been doing it the wrong way around, and outer worldling it, and the inner comes later if even at all. Everything is outer world and what ever is added to the outer world, we now get it that a different way is being asked now, where we can actively be present and not waiting while someone else activates, and nt wishing you could be activated if things were perfect, but where we engage it all the time. To work and play with and discover our activation all the time. Any activation puts us in a more fiery and energized space, that moves to further activations. When they are really generating and moving with each other then we are really in intonement. 

We have now arrived in fairy, everything can be most described as a green fairy realm. Here every part of existence is alive to itself, while it's alive to everything it's serving. We cannot believe to everything around us, and we are dull and dutiful, we must be alive to ourself first. We distribute our heart force and give of our essence and keep distributing of out essence, and keep replenishing essence from source as you give of it. This teaches us our internal breath where we be can remember how to do that again and restore what it involves. For it makes all the difference if we can be activating self, being with self, and moving with self, while we are moving with the world. We cannot do less, because our joy cannot be expressed in a devise fashion, it has to be full on. In this world of intonement we are learning how to be this, and be in tune with humanities potential, and make these turns and shifts, both big and little. We find an opportunity which is to learn how to be here when we have forgotten, to come back to being at home in root with this planet that these inner beings convey. 

An ongoing discovery happens where we realize there was a part of our being in a subconscious trance, and then we have to recover ourself. There is something addictive about escaping from this life and its power and intensity. Something adolensentiy irresistible about this where we want to get a way with something, we just want to get away from here, we don't want to be so focused, and charged, we want to be on automatic. In general we really have evaded this central ground that we're coming into here, and put in an appearance and had key moments, but haven't sustained an earth presence. Are you willing to sustain an earth presence, this will what serves the most. How ever this kind of earth presence that happens in intonement is constantly coming and going, waxing and waining and in flux, because it's moving with the current of the deep. A presence thats not solid, however it's shifting from one aspect of infinity to another. In fact we spend most of our energy in the shifting and morphing, and going through changes. When we're traveling here we're moving and alive, and we change and not revert back with evolution. It's difficult, because we're accused to being at the mercy of it, and being lost in it, and taking it at a lesser level, and feeling like we must adapt to it, rather than with it. What happens when we give ourself a full dimensional participatory permission, to stream through into this life, and actually bring our essential frequency into it, engaging the edge of it, the risk, the adventure, and spontaneous wonder. Activate through it, and be there in it. 

In these descriptions we are trying to train the mind out of doing mind, so we can do deeper with mind to discover that we can move with things and they will move with you, and it's not so strategic and calculative. Ultimately what we are seeking to do in intonement is to liberate ourselves from our little mind, and the way our mind has fixated on the comfortable. We're learning that this was a detrimental move when we got hooked on pleasure and comfort and security, and we must actually realize that our choices our our life, and we are not material beings. We are sacred spacial beings, who can come into form very powerful, however we are permeable and pores. It's not just information it's to get humanity on with the outwardly living to pay attention, because everyone else is on with this, and we want them to join us in this extraordinary edge we're walking on now. 

**Being and Becoming** 

The basic problem in the world, more deeply than we've seen before. When we are in this frequency we are whomped with a big cumulative shadow of our previous attempts to incarnate in a physical form in a full way. We meet the shadow of the fact that time and time agin in many lifetimes weve proven unable to fully come through here. We've been held back by various karmas, external taboos, and internal suitabilities. We've been turned back, so much so that we've developed a heavy under pinning, that there is something wrong with us and the world, every situation and something so wrong that we don't know what we can do about it. When we get into that mindset, which has tentacles very deep, a lot of hidden elements, we have this one thing we get caught in. Our imagination gets too materialized, too dense and too heavy. We loose our fluency, mobility, freedom and joy, because we are trying to find our way totally in here to this planet. however we have so much back log with everything that could possibly involve, that we are up against ourself, meeting so much resistance and shadow. Thats the condition that makes it impossible for humanity to incarnate and embody spirit in form. We hold against ourselves all the times that we couldn't get here, and therefore we can get here.

Our being and becoming planet is caught in this syndrome, and it is also the resolution of the syndrom. We are penetrating the deepest and furtherest by far of any planet in any position, we're ensouling in the deepest essence of things. When you go deep even when you can handle it, even if you're fighting it all the way, you are still going very deep. Thats the ironic part, the part that goes very deep, doesn't wait around to argue with the part thats trying to stop them, they just go about and do it. So a part of ourselves lives in an incredibly deep world, at one with the earth, the world of those who have died and awoken through death, and at one with the soul of the planets animals and minerals. 

That part in this position is holding us so deeply, thoroughly and intensively, because through them doing that we stay here. We learn how to be healthy strong and steady, because they just keep anchoring us in, grounding, centring and focusing us. However most of what they do, we really don't welcome or enjoy, or have a good time with, because they do it by kind of nailing us here and forcing us to show up here and be more responsible than you could ever be. However the whole thing is greatly over done, because we are trying to make up for lost time, to reverse what we've always done, and we cant do it that fast and in that way for it makes us frantic. We have to learn that we had a very good reason for vacating, and following the track of false Christianity, and islam, leading eventually to false science and false technology, all saying you don't really need to be here, and theres nothing really alive here. We have good reason to believe this, for we had to find out what it was like to live in the enemy cap. we had to find out what it would be like to be lost in the void, the abyss the underworld, our dreams and nightmares, lost in our lifetimes and death times, we had to find out what it would be to be lost. 

To be catured in a world where youre not even there and just being held prision. We had to know it in our being and have our physical body memorize every inch of it. We want to get a stage in evolution that we never have to do this agin, never have to be in this incredible battle ground, between progressive and retrogressive, every polarity, what brings us through and whats stops us. We are exaggerating our melodramas, to get through them and beyond then to get through them and beyond them and not have to repeat them any further. 

With the sun there we live in the darkness, we are accused to dark ways, into the margins and shadows. However the task is not to get lost in the shadows, it is to get found in the shadows, to find the sun at midnight and find the missing self. When you can be with yourself in the depths then the dead can be with you. To know the difference between cursing yourself and blessing yourself, can you realize how strongly your double became earth bound, and captivated by the forces of the world. Do you see to the extent your true self is trying to wedge you out of that position, not be be light and free and carefree, but to be present without pressure. Radiant without imploding. Be able to handle the density of the depths. 

Many of us wont be able to do that and are very freaked out, and wont survive this passage in evolution. For it asks this one big leap of us some many of us don't want to make and cant make. We are profoundly alienated from this planet and are trying to get here, but our hearts and souls arent in it. The step we are being asked to take, is to take one step further down, the last step is to be unconditionally committed to the planet and to our body in the planet as long as our body can last. Our body is the planet in miniature so its a commitment to the physical body and earth, as representative all thats subtle and profound and multi levelled in our body and earth. 
1:12:35
This is the time in evolution when the deepest most fundamental question is before us. Do we want to continue? do we need to continue? and if so in what form and in what way? How closely can we follow the christ into celebration and affirmation in a fully convincing and embodied way.

Almost all of the collective experience in the place of being and becoming is about not being and not becoming. About having an inner most call to be, but having it crushed under all the ways we haven't got to know ourselves deeply enough. If feels as though the one that is fully in here, is calling to all of the ones who've been unable to be here, and saying "look you're all forgiven it's all ok, let's find together a way to be here. We will include your suspicions, and weariness, and confusions, and ways you want to reject this earth."

What is it to be and what is it to become. What it is to be, is to be a human being in its fullness and to accord with that destiny and ignite with it in the physical and in the world. To honour that impulse. Someone who can be who they are, even in impossibly strange conditions. Becoming is another thing in tandem with being, and other beings in other realms and those who've died and awakened. 

We are going to become beings of the planet in all realms, its very bright expansive and multi dimensional. In that domain we can become limitless and boundless what our potential suggests. Our core fairy is the aspect that many have not been in touch with fully consciously or clearly. These intense workers in a deep earth way who have been holding the planet of the renewal of the new earth, and they are ready to give us the next earth. They have foraged these elements in their new earth workshop and are ready to give them over to us. 

Here we work very hard but enjoy every moment of it, we are not grim or despair we are delighting in the activity of the work. Core fairy helps guide us through into being and becoming. 

We often grow up not feeling connected to the earth, and it can take a while to get it back. We feel like we aren't alive, and we want to find our how to get some of. Gradually we bond with the natural world and the whole planet. The body wisdom, not fully conscious, wants us to tune into it. We discover that the earth is a few steps a head of us, and they want to take us on a ride, and we discover we can not be stoped from being wired into them. 

Through death we discover what the earth things is all about. We move out of the dichotomy of life and death, so we can connect to both worlds and can assimilate the reality. That this is a sacred world, and death does not take us away from it. This is not a dance between life and death, it is one between getting lost and being found, getting stuck and freed up. When we enter this rhythm we can see this is becoming a new place. My physiological make us is woven into the earth, we are not visiting here we are actually living here, we are the living energy here. When we can get with this we don't feel lost or strange. 

Imagine yourself as having once a long time ago come to this planet from somewhere else. Picture your self arriving in this form at some time long ago, at first very lightly and gradually more and more, coming into grips with this planet. Then with all of that in the back ground, picture yourself as a child and picture that you are wandering around in your local neighbourhood, and imagine yourself to be very fundamentally able to just make your way in that context. What is the child really going through, being in such an intense world. What does it fell like to the child in your to be sucked in here so hard and fast, and up against so many things. Can you remember and realize what it feels like to get here, and discover how hard it is to be there. But is there also someone in you who says no its not here, no its not hard this is a beautiful place a wonderful place, I got myself here, and i'm going to take myself all the way through here. 

We are being given by our future selfs a capacity and it's growing, and if we can move with it, it will not only be able to take us with us, but it will set a pattern into motion for generations. Being true to the whole situation in a meta way, and there would be this sense that we had to go through all of that anguish, but it's such a relief to be in accord with the rthymic intelligence of the earth. When we can be placed down in it fully and completely. We in our future selves are just as earth savy as we in our past selfs are earth-phobic. We are just as well equipped in our future selfs to such an extent, that its coming back to us now as a blessing, offering and bridge. While our past self cant really see it yet, and still thinks its going to be much the same around here no matter what happens. So is your past self right not to make any fond expectations, or does your'e future self have something to offer, that if you be with the earth and it be's with you, you be with everybody, and if you can become in sync with everybody and all of earth, then you finally become who you are inside. You cant get there any other way you have to go with the whole macrocosm and you, and the whole microcosm and you, its not either or, its self and other. 

**Heart Star** 

Each one of us has a deep heart thats in this earth body, located in the center of our body. The heart is tuned up to a star over head that is our star, and under foot we are anchoring all this so we can be fully ourself and fully here in time and space. It's hard to talk about because it's our very greatest nature, our finest point, it's where we come through. We are bashful and shy about this, and learned to be this way, because it's difficult to be with this part of us in a balanced integrated fashion. We have to be fully grounded, centred and fully here. Short of this we experience this emense power and passion to our being that wants to come through us  and wants to be here, incarnated, and individuated. That part of us will not stop beaming us toward our purpose, destiny and future, asking and intending us to move beyond the known and familiar. When we alining with this part of our self we are walking in the light of the infinite in a physical form. This is where we allow ourself to do that and reach that high and deep, and to center it all in our heart to know and sense it, that we are this earth and here in a scared resonate with this world, that means everything to us. 

Heart star is our beaming into central self channel, being in the middle of our being and life, and radiating the possibly and impulse towards rebirth. Anybody who is truly here is ready for rebirth. We have so many ways we speak of death, but here we speak of rebirth. To come back all the way through, to be revived, and resparked, re-ignighted, how do we do this and how to we allow ourself to do this. We have the chance to die a lot, but the emphasis can never be on death it must be on rebirth, because this s what our heart desires. 
We have a boundless capacity to give ourself rebirth. We start out to be elixir, but when we get to this their fire center. We do just be what we've always been, we become a completely unfolding future being, whose an open portal to life after death. What happens when all the doors are open, and we are not cut off. 

Humanity is at a very strong death point, and those who are centred and focused, are equally moving into a re-brith. The greater the collective death, the greater the need for us to be re born. This required us to allow all of spirt to love us selflessly, to be brought by spirit back to life. We don't re birth ourself, bright spirit does, but we must co create and accord with it. Only because we can be reborn when we absolutely need it, do we have the resilient hope, enthusiasm, faith and confidence. Because we can know that, and it's built inside, we can learn how to actually be heart star. If you want to take a hold of this place we have to love the world into being. Love ourself into being, collaborating and appreciate with this, doing everything possible to enter into this. This kind of sphere, radiant sharply focused and pure. 

Humanity has had a hard time tuning into heart star, and fully getting when somebody is really radiating heart star. You would think that wouldn't be true, that it should be clear and obvious, but there hasn't quite been a crack through to where people fully get it. Because its keyed to the inside activation, deep n our heart, and we haven't quite let ourself go there yet. We have alot of doubt and fear towards such a state being real and likely. Many of us have been subjected to this conditioning many times, so we can initially approach this as something we don't believe it, don't know it, not sure we should go in that direction. We have this luke warm relationship to it. 

When we sense directly whats involved here, we have a hard time seeing and feeling that we are whole complete beings, and we have an easy time telling ourself that we are anything but great. We have a very easy time diminishing ourself, but a very hard time standing there and being with what we are. So most of us believe that we are not what we are, that we could be it, but we're really far off. We believe that we're not a heart being, or star being, because for most of us we are way too busy dying to worry about rebirthing. In the general collective mix, everybody is missing the one thing that they most need. They are denying the one aspect of their being that would make all the difference, simply out of a strange sort of distancing method that is set in, that makes people ironic scornful and skeptical. Especially their own inward treasure. We are good at pretending and delighting in this things, that they love being in this expansion and brightness, but it turns out they only do this under the very best of circumstances, just in really wonderful moments. Heart star is not something for a special occasion, it's what happens when we stand together with ourself, and when we go that way, we keep going this way, and go back into the socio- cultural cant be. 

When we are living in world, and have taken on its density, it's true that this can sound utopia and missing whats actually going on. It seems so classical pure and noble. We can feel uncomfortable with this life we are in a religious context, it seems to good, and optimal, not real. We feel this way because we have grown accustomed to always distancing things, they could be and couldn't be, any thing that was totally cosmic and in the earth, being that now, feels way too good to be true. 

However heart star only arrises from the inner most center, it can come at you. What comes at you is all the propaganda against going into that place. Everything that is most vital and progressive in our lives, happens when we let go of these attitudes that say it wont be and cant be. When we let go of this morose point of view, and realize it's our own being seeking inside of me, that the one who is criticizing and resisting, thats the shadow. The shadow portrays it self as so sophisticated and in charge of things, but actually they are dumping on the brightness and keeping it back. We have developed a poor attitude to life, ourself and everything in it. We take it out on all things that we image to be demanding and asking of us to come forth in a bigger way, let's turn that around and see what this is. 

Is it possible that somebody in your knows precisely how to enter the future and to be a loving strengthening presence. Is it possible that the one who knows that is not just a sketchy from above to high kind of character, but rather that we have a muscle, central channel, not even moral, nice or good, but rather intensely committed to being there for a genuine future for this planet and to being a force in the very center of what that might involve. There is somebody in you, what ever planet is in heart star, is full time and full on, wants to be and needs to be, the expression of living light deep bright colours, substance, presence, and a whole state of being. You have this already fully on tap, if we already stop caking it over with sarcastic attitudes that it could be delusional and egotistical, which might be true, but we tend to psyche ourself out when we keep telling ourself what we have to avoid and be careful. However if you have to avoid and be careful about our heart something is missing and has been forgotten. 

It's not about you with the name, who thinks they can do it and keep it going, It's about the one inside thats trying to urge us into self activation in a sacred vein. Their point of view is that you are infinitely more true, loving, and on the beam than you have yet let yourself be. This is the first thing that would change everything, just to come into sharper focus, more of a priority, to sense what that might mean. What would it be like to center your whole life on this one in your that is alive aware, presence, and pulsating with the whole story from a very central biographical place. What would it be like if you really did tremendous conviction, agree with the path that spirit is setting, moving in this direction to be entirely committed unconditionally with this. 

If we can be that the really great thing is we can allow others to be it to. If we can be we have no reason in the world, to diminish your'e being that. In fact the way it works, as we become this we are equally given over to what it will mean to each one, because we want everyone to experience this. It is individual, but so universal. We can love people in a different way than we have known. There are many ways to love, and a lot more to it than we know. When we are so alive and ignited with who we are, our being draws itself into the others. When we reach to another being, and have this love in our heart. Then we start to glow from our center, and we don't know how not to love. 

The heart star wants to love the other in such a way that there being will shine, and their heart will catch fire and they become a star. Only then will we feel that we are doing what we're here to do, and being what we're here to be. That we can hold it be present to it and walk in it, and form our life around is, that we can be love in a way that teaches you all the other lessons, because they are all subsets of that. 
This place where the star shines over head and we do see sense fee know, our own path journey and destiny. we know it. We pick up on it, its right there beaming into you and your heart, letting you know that if you just hold it, allow it, just be with yourself, it will turn out that your'e not such an impossible character that you might assume, that somebody might have said. Your'e actually the heart of the real, if you can bear it and hold it, and handle the strain of being real live spirit in flesh. Letting that frequency that relem radiate through you, because you know that it's who you are anyway. You get this point where the knowing of that is a part of a knowing that you know, and then it starts to really work, it starts to activate and do something. What does it do? 

It starts to open this world up. After you die you look back at your life with wise eyes at what happened and didn't, the whole story. The one thing that you are most interested in after death is how strong a spirt quality were you able to allow, muster, embody, share and spread. Usually we don't do too much of that but when you find that you did that It compels us to look into it, to see how were we doing that? if I wasn't doing it most of the time than how can I do it, how can I learn from it how can I grow into it. The answer always is, you opened your heart and didn't even realize you were dong it, you just did it without knowing in some situations. As soon as you opened your heart the love started to open and pour through. Then we forgot and closed the heart again without realizing. This is about learning how to open your heart for real. Learning how to live by light, by love. Learning how to honour our celestial presence and how to be it in some incredibly creative way. The one thing that comes through heart star is a kind of pervasive creativity. Extraordinary fertility of creative expression. This is the hearts way to get things moving and flowing, get beauty in the way, the hearts language. 

**Life Precessing** 

The space where the whole of life all at once claims your allegiance, engagement, participation, service, offering, and just about everything else that you can think you want to bring. The whole of life brings you to a precessing, not as one of who you are, but of who you are as a sister and brother, as a full scale participant in the evolution as an awakening member of a different species. 

This is your discovery and exploration of what is involved in moving from membership in the club of those who don't really want to be here, to membership of all who wish to usher this world into a new age. 

Theres something about being a link in a chain, an integral part of a grid work, a consciousness focal point, the open communications network. It has to do with that there actually is, on the inner and outer. A concerted effort by many beings and realms to generate a different future, alternative reality, that is based upon reciprocal human connection, and not based upon people tuning each other out, avoiding each other, fleeing from each other, as is the mass consciousness these days.

This is the re-seeding activating of a way of lif that we have bin in at key times throughout evolution. We've always experienced as a sort of peak moment where the culture would thrive, such as ancient Athens, when spirit would come alive together in peak of Atlantis, and we would always experience it that it was natural at those times to feel so connected to everything and everyone else around you, and not to be isolated or pushed to the side. To be right in with everybody coming into this life presencing mode. We've all been there whether we remember it all not. 

One of the key memory's of this time when we really could be brothers and sisters, its the only way that we remember what a society or culture is form. For this culture is not for the sake of perpetuating it self and dominating the world, any culture or civilization is for the purpose of getting people other. For getting people together who really need to find each other. This is the seeds of true community. 

When in this realm we become aware from a bigger circle around em that there are others around me connecting with me telepathically. Even if Im talking it just one small part of whats actually happening, and its really this telepathic place that is happening more. It's not just the people on the call who are part of it, it's also all friend and allies in different realities. Somehow we think in a separative egoic way, that this sort of things is a great plus when it happens, its beautiful amazing, but its sort of to big, expanded and utopian to truly concerns ourselves with it. Obviously people are loosing their connections with each other more than they are finding it. 

What if you could help reverse that trend, make a difference and contribute to a shift and life presencing was the place to check this out. Because if we are in this ongoing continuum of this extraordinary thing, of this open communications network, which encompassed cosmic world, earthly worlds and hidden worlds. If this is happening it also means that this is feeding into us evolutionary instructions to take the next steps, and that it's giving those related and same instructions to everyone. The instructions, guidance and refection has to do with how to remove both the outer metal stuff that plagues so many people, and also to remove the layer of worry and anxiety, guilt and shame, that has to do with falling short in life times after life times. 

The main reason that communities fall apart is because people karmic programs took over and they believed they didn't deserve the good stuff happening and they had to play out something else. When we were allowing ourself to be fully with each other in a bigger space, expanding and opening and allowing it, we could do this one thing instinctively, 

What we were doing was sending love and light to everyone else, radiating this and expanding the possibilities of this happening everywhere else. If everyone simultaneously formed a certain impression that coming together in community in various ways is going to make a difference, instead of talking about it and nothing happening, if we actually met with each other - what happening is there is an exponential increase for a new world to dawn. It drives people crazy because when theres not that new world happening, they tend to turn it back on themselves. Yet there is such a yearning, longing, need for this new world to dawn, people want to find each other but don't know how to find each. Why? Because we exist in a world where structures are for the purpose of keeping people apart not bringing them together. If we come together we discover that that planetary network is a full throttle, it is increasing in intensity all the time. It doesn't make life easier it makes life more intense, however it gives you this open space around you, but it isn't metal and isn't stimulating and fascinating. The open space around you is more of a life space than it is just a pure conscious space, because we have loads of consciousness, but we haven't been present to what were doing while were i conciousness. 
We haven't been in the field the circle, the radiating circle of us. Rather we have been trying to get there rather than being in it, and with it, and of it. We turn into one mind one spirt one place one with one another and one with ourself. We can sense it feel it and live it. When we can leave it we can find a fierce convention that things are always true for this. 

Community is happening right there at our fingertips, we just have to recognize that these others are our twin. We have to be in this trusting allowing surrendered space. We can be out of sync with it when we get busy in our heads. In the opposite sphere of life absencing, they work very hard at a job, tell them selves pragmatic things all the time to keep them selves going. They harness everything in them to what they tell themselves is the external good, necessity and external reality need and reality. They don't even reference reality, because the internal is whispering and the external is shouting, and you wont here whisper unless you quite down. If you do quite down you will find that they is this hum, tone frequency, that has to do with what happens when we all connect. 

The best thing about communes is just being in the vibe was what they were doing right. In the vibe of what we hold in common, they come together in many ways and can survive the most endless impossible challenges, because they have this vibe that they know is it, and what we are all trying to get too. That vibe speaks volumes when we are tuned into it. If you were to listen to music in these groups its not an individual experience, its a we experience as everyone is tuned into the experience. We are completely at one in this total vibrational sense. The feeling of what happens when you give of your essence to form a greater organizsm that is formed by each one of us offering our skills, essential selfhood, our presence, eagerness, enthuasim, and vision. Having this meta verbal, meta personal feild effect of everybody everywhere starting to disocer the planetary consciousness of the new future. In life presencing the way we do this is by conceiving in our own awareness what we really what most in common with other living beings and kinreda spirts and discovering how to enhance that, how to feed that, serve that, and be so attuned to that, that it becomes a fertile open possibility. 

Its an infiatly compleatcted sphere because we are so rusty at knowing this, noice and tuned out from it, that we dont know the first thing about how to do this, exceot thwne the occasion is so powerufl that we cant resisit it. Thats why its lost out in recent decades, because we aren't actually really good at it. Its never something you start good at, you are awkward and you must give it time, space and patience. We're not good at it, and we dont like not being good at it, so most of us have shut it off. We dont go very far with it because wve lost touch with the real ower of it. However when you have an experince, and let you self in on what it really is like to be complete alive to the pulse of a shared reality that stretches and expands beyond just the people presence. This tunes you up in such a way to come back around.

We have way over done the aspect of proving to ourselves that being in these separate little cubical worlds is really a drag. We've done such a great job of proving that its awful, but have done a really bed job of doing anything else. We constantly make the alternative seem that they are fanatical and strange, because alternative demand that we start off being a novice at something you would much rather be an excerpt at. If we are a novice at this we feel so vulnerable, because its so much easier tougher and strong not to be connected, then you can go your way and have your way. When you actually do feel open to, response to hungry and thirsty for the sister and brotherhood vibration, it make you so sensitized and acutely wanting something so badly. What do you really want? 

It's a space where you remember something, envision it. Yo are remembering what it was like before we fell into this incredibly separative egoic state that we recently feel into. You're remembering tribal, primal connection, original participation. You are going back there to catch just enough a spark to remember why that was so important back then. This is what you discover. When we gather in magical circle's, under the full moon, we were doing that from a place where we could allow the whole of earth life to speak and resonate through us. The whole of the circle to stream through us, and the situation to be channeled and harnessed through our voice, energy and activity. We would rhythmically according the cycles enact the ritual and mysteries story of how we got here together, why we have to continue together and what will make us more connected together, in a way that serves the whole and moves everything forward and keeps things alive fresh, tuned in and tuned up. Thats space of being able to take the whole group organisms through you and not being stopped by all the usually considerations, and instead being all there with it. 

We can not stay there forever, however we need to realize that what ever is most ancient is more connected to the future. What ever is most part of our origin is part of what we will ultimately be, that life is a full circle phenomena. The past isn't back there, the future is forward. When we can remember what we were actually like we can leap forward to being there in the next octave, because it is not different. Its just the next version, pre egoic to post egoic. 

Whats in common is that you feel this way that you can know other people, they can know you and they need to know you, and you can know them and need to know them. That you can be this way and that needs to happen. Basically you remember source instincts and impulses that have never left you. However you have short changed them because they seem to be beside the point of the basic program which is to just get on with your life and do what you've got to do, and not worry about all these fancy things. When all these fancy things happen to be the very great bulk of what is meaningful and of value, in this life and every other life. 

Whats so extraordinary about life presencing is that when you give of yourself optimally to a shared organism, when you flow forth in that way and receive yourself back again in that measure, although never sufficiently until you've come along ways through it. When you have that ability to do that, you are ready for the next 6 star activator's above the horizon, that are overt and what the world knows as life. The final preparatory knob is through life presencing, because at the final moment we realize we left out one thing, everybody else. We got so carried away with ourself we left out every other living being, every species, because we wanted to drive to the point of survival and prevailing and having things happen the way we knew they should, they must. 

We are at the final point where we realize these refinements, these subtleties, these intricacies, these extraordinary extras, turn out to be anything but extras. Life precencing is not a specialize dish on this side for wonderful occasions where people can get together and enjoy each other and have a good time. It's a paradigm shifter where the whole things happened. Have you ever been in situations where you've been part of a large group of people, where everybody together went through a change. Where they emerged differently from when they started. Where the thing that made that possible was that somebody organizing it had this feeling for what was really necessary, which was too make all the other people come alive for you and to make you come alive for all the other people around. To create a common cord, something to focus on that we are here together for a reason, and we can start to form the new seeds for a new species that will rein-habit the earth. 

Essentially there is somebody in you who is a utopian, who is constantly sensing your connection to other people, constantly sensing how to move with that and through it, and constantly sensing that without that, life on the earth is very barren and deprived. Even though we've gotten so good at suffering through this phase and convincing ourself that this is the way it ought to be, and all these start grim energies are just a give in, the "facts." Even though we've done that, the truth is our life precencing planet is vibing 24/7 the reality that i'm here to join in, i'm not here for my own sake. I'm here to volunteer and make the shift happens that we know has got to happen. I'm here to put all of that behind and to know that I have tremendous allies here, and it's not such an isolated impulse at all. 

If I open to future self I will discover the amplitude, the expanding field that is happening in life presencing is a thousand times what you would expect, it is just that it is a future thing. In the present world which is the past, it always looks like these things are such a stretch and reach. However from the future space you discover they are not a stretch or reach, they are going direct into the planet's life spark and responding to it. Loving the mother and earth, being really here in life as avid eager participants. 

Somehow we got to this terminal point here where everybody is strangers to each other here.Where we would like to be friend's, and allies, and loved ones. What part of you feels that way. 

**Opening Spark**

What we face in opening spark is each one of us is an incomplete entity on the outer soul levels, and each one of us is a complete entity on the inner spirt levels. The one in us who is a soul in the world, who is interpersonal and personal, who is individual and in the world and of the world, that one in us, arises in opening spark first. What they do is they play out the scenario of relationship, of being in complete, of being just a part of a missing whole. Which ultimately turns out to be true, our soul really is only enacting part of themselves, we've left some big space open for our many twins. 

The soul hungers for their twins, thirsts for a mate, and they make tremendous mistakes when they do that because the spirit all the while is whole and complete. Whats happening with this soul being hungry and thirsty for a certain kind of companionship, it brings us so far out into that connection and bond and world of us together, that the one who is already and always whole in spirit, that one gets bypassed, and eventually we have to come back to that one, and discover who we really are again. 

This is the main thing that actually happens in opening spark, after out initial wild ride in the relational express, is coming to the second and pivotal stage of opening spark to discover the one in us who is whole, is resurgent. They want to infuse the one in use who is partial wth a certain initial spark of wholeness, by taking away all compulsion to live it out through another. However, they also want to infuse into that condition complete permission to play out ever bit of what they need to play out. Infinite generous permission because we are never finished with the relationship outward dynamic, and not suppose to be. It's not anywhere near so absolute as they, and many disciplines can seem. 

We are meant to be swept up in the outer in a certain way, and also living from the inner in a much more complete sense. We are able to be the one doing the dance on the outside, and not identified with them, and rather giving them a chance to play out, to explore, to experience, to have the adventure of life and joy of open discovery. The soul gets to be this amazing adventure in a relational realm, well the spirt purses a path of completeness wholeness through creating internal connection between ourselves and ourselves, the spirit within us and the soul with us, between who we ultimately are, and who we see ourselves being. 

That kind of relationship, that internal relationship, becomes ever more powerfully present, in fact it becomes the very center point of what we are concerned with, what we are doing. We are coming forth on the out breath into the common world as somebody who can love and share and generate life, and also who can be doing the same thing within them selves in such a way that it doesn't show up on the surface, but it permeates and saturates everything. 

Theres 2 ways that we become this influential force, in our world and lives through opening spark. One is that we directly energetically put certain life force awareness and gut energy out there, and we also come back into ourselves and feel how it is to be this caught in the world character. The older you get the more comfortable you feel with that combination. It's very strange, because it means no matter how caught you get, you remain free, however manic you get you remain calm and still. You learn that one doesn't change or effect the other. 

We are called to live a double life. The outer world is encouraged by itself, completed transported by itself, endlessly doing it self no matter what. So if thats going to be true we're going to have to join forces with that completly. We have to be this opening spark person who generates this joy and freedom and movement in relation with others as an on going basis, as a vibe frequency and way of showing up. Then while we're doing that we can ever more completely foster this inner life where we're in wakeful relationship to ourself, and ultimately other beings and realms are also in wakeful relation to us. 

We expand the spectrum, range and context of relationship. To first be first fully within ourself, and in turn fully with spirit realms stretching beyond. Even when we take it the very furthest, if were in healthy relation to our own soul life, we wont shut don't or deny or judge, or push away from ourself the soul playing out relationship dynamics of any kind, and instead honour the essence of the experience, and not pushed into it in ways that are taking us away from who we really are and what we're doing here. 

None the less its the combination of relation to your own being and not being at all at the mercy of relationship. It's a combination of reaching out to others, beyond relationship, while staying more and more completely within yourself. But not the one or the other, in competition, or combat but rather they keep leading into each other, making way for each other, and opening toward each other. This is how it starts, the first element of opening spark. 

Where does this go? what does this mean? It means our whole evolution throughout the 7th, 8th, 9th, 10th, 11th, and the 12 star activators in the world above the horizon, our whole movement now will be starting to be dual and multiple. Which means we will be entering many worlds, we will be becoming fluent in a multi dimensional way of operating, and we wont even realize what we're doing because it seems so natural and normal. However we will find ourselves able to switch and do multi channels, parallel lives. At first the subconscious mind is active in this mind and we don't even tell ourselves whats going on because we don't want to blow it and get too self conscious or manipulative, and then after a while we start to realize what we're doing and enter upon. 

It's the same question about why do we feel so connected to our children, why is our being on fire with them in a very unusual way. The answer is that we are in a one to one connection with them, connection of equals, people on pare, drawn to each other for purpose, on the out breath. On that kind of ground with them in opening spark together, and they are being to behold the way we behold someone who we work with in an inward way, or the great love of our life, it's the same thing. 

What does this mean? it means that the one in me who is connected on a deep soul level, lives in that space with each other all the time. We don't need to talk about it, it's just an underlying internal connection, telepathic wavelength. What that says is that we're in that kind of connection with just about every body were involved with whether want to be or not. The more time we spend with people, by destiny the stronger that connection will be. However its this pheromon thats happening more and more all the time. 

What precedes this and surrounds this is a certain feeling that we're in the wrong world and the wrong time, and others don't understand us, because we are meeting our self and the other as the same, we wonder why they do not see us as clearly as we see ourself and this is happening a lot of that level. Yet whats really happening is that we are discovering what it is to connect with another. 

We can be aware of each other without an electric connection in a generous loving perceptive way, vibing that and giving life to that. What we learn through this connection is that we are being taught by subtle spirit who hang out in our worlds, how to love, to live through everything that happens. How to connect, come forth, but without any emphasis on the external drama, we learn from the world how to be in it. 

Nonetheless we are also doing stuff everyday, and every time we do anything we are doing it with everybody whether we overtly do it or not. The opening spark experience is that we are at one with everybody we connect to and at one with the deep inner beings speaking from within, at one with the group organism. We are linked up with everybody here continuously, and it's a moving morphing constantly shift stream, thats always teaching and forming us and turning us into being really our self. 

We don't get to know how to do our self, however we can discover how through the cues of others, and with an incredibly intense inner life that keeps us spiritually independent with the cues of others completely, at the same time. We learn the further in we go, the further out we go, the further out we go, the further in. The more relational we get, the more we enjoy and am open and responsive to being with out self. The more we wake up to whats actually happening in our time, underneath our noses without us even having much idea about it at all. 

When we awaken to this, thats when we start to ignite with spark that's opening. This is when we start to realize that oh theres another level to this evolution, that people aren't tuned into, the one that all the spirit forces are always saying, where its all beautiful and amazing, thats where spirit is coming from. There is another level to all this evolution here, and it turns out that this other level is totally interactive with the level people are aware of, but they are not aware of the interaction. 

The key to it all an evolutionary shift is upon us in a very dramatic way, and the only time we really know it is we set up and pay attention and open up, and have unusually strong responsiveness to whats coming right toward us. Most of the time we don't do that, and do anything but that, however when we do clear the space and open the way it turns out that theres this huge evolutional wave happening, and its happening in ripples from the inside to the outside, and when it comes very close to the outside it respects and honours the necessity that so many souls stay ignorant of this, and keep playing out old stuff, and doing the dance and following the system, you respect that honour that, and be exactly as it is, and you don't subordinate yourself to it at all. You don't obey it internally, or take it on at all, because your'e in a different stage in evolution, where everything that seems is just a passing semblance and everything else is coming on just as we can take it and move with it. 

That other thing thats coming on is where the fullness of opening spark where our connection with each other isn't blocked, held away and doesn't have obstacles, distances. Where we get beyond that polarity karma story and instead the story is that I have many parallel selfs and if I meet with you I will feel you bringing forth one of my parallel selfs, and I will project that parallel self on to you. 

If I learn this lesson of opening spark and get it at last, that I don't have to project that parallel self onto you. I can appreciate that you are a-lot like one of my parallel selfs, but I don't have to put it on you. In fact, I would much rather enjoy you showing me things about parts of my parallel self that I don't even remember or realize, rather than imposing that I know this territory, this is already mine. No it isn't. 
If you are like a parallel self of mine, and I don't hook into our usual grasping ways with things like that, it means I can be in a free full on connection with you without us getting into this tangled mess, tht people so easily get into. This is because they are running from eachother the very moment that they are running toward eachother. 

We can catch the wave that we don't have to be in conflict with ourselves, with each other with anything. We don't have to live from conflict, because we are every side of it. This is not about inventing or making up a story to tell yourself something to encourage yourself, this is about is, its just that what is is mostly on the inside and doesn't show it self.

Can you know, that you know the inside track? can you acknowledge that you are tracking with the inside all the time and in an ongoing relationship with yourself, that has depth height dimension to it and fantastic complexity, lots of shadow and lots of light. Can you realize that that connection with yourself is not worlds apart from you connecting with other, it's the same kind of thing. It's just that with yourself you can learn how to be perfectly present, and with other your'e really trying to learn how to be responsive, and in love to what we're all coming into together. 

What we're really talking about, just stepping back for a moment, is how we each are seeking a new life. How that surge, that extension, further beyond the known and familiar, is the motivating spark, the opening spark of our entire time and place. It shows up for us initially and perpetually in relationship other, and shows up in the same way in more and more ways in relation to ourself. That wave and evolutionary shift, that opening to the others that turn out not to be others, that movement is something that takes us on a journey and brings us where we need to go. Taking us right to the center of our existence, because its rather rough a path and sharp and full of lessons and dilemmas there is a certain tendency to feel like what happens there is taken away from us and turned into something we didn't want it to be or not how we see ourself. However it turns out that this is our own defence way of life, and actually no, we are generating this whole thing. It's not this silly thing about creating our own reality, it's much greater than that. We're inside the inside of everything thats going on and its just that we have this role to play that makes us to go outside and do all the outside things, but we don't do that with more than a small fragment of our being. The rest of us is on a open future path and is pursuing our destiny the same way we would pursue love and is intent in engaging fully with all thats coming with this amazing spark that when its expressed, it has an immediate contagious ripple to it. It's very catalytic and impactful, because it's inherently expressed in such a way that you are I are one. Its inherently placed in a vibration of communion and collaboration, and that path whether played soul outside or spirit inside, that path keeps winding and weaving between everything around us and what we see when we close our lives, and live between lives, and in worlds apart. 

All of this current, movement, continuous flux, being this way but also that way, all of it, is happening in a vibrancy that we can't get away from. It's happening in a front right there way that we just can't deny. This existence thats meeting us is so convincing, it's so vibrant, we can't get away from it and retreat back. On the out breath we are here to share spread, and connect, to feel sense and move with it. This is vital to get that we are not restricted or trapping each other or lost in the melodrama, it's not the way it looks, it's all happening in an incredibly designed choreography, the whole things that moves between us and other people. None of it is unfair, none of it victimization, not fool or wrong, the world isn't against us, and nothing is the way it seems. 

What part of you knows this and can come to the foreground to claim this truth, this reality, and what we go through all the time, and I need to share it to you because I need you to know that you are my friend, closest alli and we are in sync in a cohesion to move forward and share the world. Could it be true that we each know the path forward from here, by experiencing it, expressing it, and discovering it in common and alone. In common with all of life, and unto itself in prestine simplicity. 

**Everlasting Dynamic**

What happens here is we become able to change, and when we become able to change we enter a path that is very open ended, with many realms and layers to go through. At first all we know is that something in us is changing, we don't think about it like we are willing to change, just that something is changing and something about it has another dimension and another reality to it all together. Like we are taking a deeper and more ultimate path. 

It has to do with what it feels like to change, to evolve, to mutate and go through a shift. It's a series of shift and endless series, we will understand it like its one shift, even though it is many. 

The first change we go through is when we allow ourself to recognize that everything i've ever experienced before, has somehow left me inside an abyss or a void, or vacuum, and everybody we was an every world we knew, that seemed to be mine, couldn't continue, there was a death a letting go, and dispersion, a plunging so far under that what was couldn't hold together anymore.
When this happens and it happens repeatedly, the first thing we feel is that we are really lost, really up against something because there is something about meeting that kind of shift that devastates the ego and fulfills our tragic fantasies, and basically freaks us out. However as we freak out, and loose the way, and we cant stand it we're inside this void space and what starts to happen is that the one in us who is deep under and changing, morphing and shape shifting, they start to somehow become part of our awareness. We start to feel and sense and know at a subliminal way, that the main thing thats going on isn't gone, but that somebody who we are about to be is coming on strong. It takes this letting go of this old one for this to happen, however the new one is waiting patiently for when were good and ready, actually the one who is coming one is not waiting at all or being patient. They are crashing through even before were finished dying or with our despair, they come on like gang busters, and keep coming on. They say that we're going through a change, and the first part feels and seems deadly, grim and unbearable. As we get into that the change comes upon us and its deeper than the level of what we've been up against so it takes over, and we become carried by to a place we did not feel we could go and that we were cut off from or shut down from. 

The place we are going to is the main line future self that we've always been inwardly expecting or assuming and yearning toward. What we didn't realize we would have to loose everything to find it, and give over our familiar self to have enough room in our scared space for this shift to fully come through. That it's just a matter of being able to drop into that part of our soul, which carries that wisdom truth and power of root change, or earth change, emotional physical and al, of its level and dimensions. 

What happens in everlasting dynamic is the time frequency that we are accustomed to, which is time is always running out is not any longer applicable. We are thrown into a stillness, that is also a quickening, that doesn't feel like time is running out, it's a world of ever lasting life. It's has an incredible dynamic to it because we can recognize that this change we are going through is from time bondage to time freedom, from being pursued, to being present. We realize that the one who knows how to change, and the agent of transformation, that is involved with the change of the planet, starts with out own changes. That one is co creating a whole new existence right under our nose, and they will act like they are hardly doing it if were so clogged over with the old that we have no room to move forward, and then we will have to go through a crisis or major turning point. But either way that one who is carry the current of the change into this next era, shows up in everlasting dynamic as an already there in the future self, but the future turns out to be timeless, or time quicken, or not a specific time. It's not something we can locate in our sense of time, it's happening in anther way. 

When we start to enter that time sense our whole existence really starts shifting. We keep having visions, that just about surface, that tell us that we have a different life to live, and the life we are living does not really belong to us and we have to get on with it. Its a sense that we are going through a seed change, deep fundamental long term change, happening over years.What we notice is that it is not our change, or our story, the change we are aware we are going through does not belong to us, it sis everybody's change. The change is to come from a source place in seeding the future, and to empower that source place so that is can resound and move and activate and corgraphy our participation in shared situations where change is at a premium and its not avoided, or targeted, or fear is not put on it, and instead where change is facilitated open heartedly. 