
march 20. 1996
dear Ellias, there are traditions around drying that endure. 
It was a scared passage before the scared withdrew from outer human awareness. Sacred death was the only way to go, we have never let go of the vision of sacred death, we simply reserve it for the few, the rare ones, and we envy them for still being able to unite with spirt as they die. But huge inroads have been made in modern times, in the human capacity to sustain the scared state of being, even at death. This kind of passage has been supplanted fro the many by the inevitably of profane death, this is understanding because all of us are wrapped about in the tight net of the modern ideology, and the modern ideology states that there is no immortal soul and that each one when they die must face a vast abyss broadly speaking taking the profane death, as the only option is the universal agreement now.  A third kind of death also exists, it is the wave of the future I call it radical death, this is what im involved with completely, and the terms of it are to take the facaet of profane death that s vitally real, which is the loss of faith of something outside what we can directly experience for ourself (49:55) and combine his with the aspect of saced death that is most indispensable, which is to awaken to who we really are and what we belong to essentially in the act of dying. Radical death also brings into play a third and mighty factor that changes everything, let us first explore sacred death and profane death polarity in a fresh way, then we will be able to see how the radical death fuses these yet leaps beyond them all together. 
Sacred death was always intended to be a deeply inward passage from one realm of god to another. If it was seen and felt to be keyed to assisting and mediating the passge from earth earth to heavene to take up the greater life beyond the physical. this much is obvious, profane death is now preceved as a mechanically driven empting of bodily life. The body seizes to work and we cant us it anymore, what ever beleifs or expectation we might consol our self with we shall be forced to give up the only life we know to take our chances on the dark unknown. It is a great loss, but it is also just how it is in this world, sad yet not all that important really, such is the basic picture. At the core of each of these models are many fascinating pictures, issues realizations, vision and experiences, most of which elude surface awarness all togther. 
Let us now do complete justice to both of these realms of death. Sacred death was conceived in triumphant terms, the world was not all the real. the heavens we the greater destination, and the essence of our triumph was to be permitted to participate in a great adventure. We knew our bodies could not hold more than a fraction of our souls and our spirts, it was so clear to everybody that we dwelled beyond this life, so death was a nture counter part in every sense. Thats the beauty of sacred death was the longing in the heart satisfied, the deeper stirrings of our beings given their creative response by the angels, and divine forces. We were met by death transformed by it, profoundly transported to our greater destination. It was more miracle than anything else and given if most of us could not understand the whole of what this involved, might not remember to much about it, we knew it was a death designed for us, and we were ready for, even as we also saw a fullness in life before death, death was tied. 
Profane death is primally a stark confrontation with ones one personal exisistance coming to a sudden abrupt hault, and being asked to find some way to more futher along by tapping our own inner resources, death is felt to be a terrible thing. Its only redemption lies in the one who is dying being able to discover a path which is real for them, and can be followed, only when courage and great struggle lead beyond, the brutal grave. The power in profane death is mustered within the stark will to come to ones self in the fires of burning up and losing ones life so decisively. It is an individual matter, each one is compelled to either loose everything, in the vapid nothingness, or to find a treasure that could never be assumed and is very hard earn whenever it is grasped. 
Segments of humanity are draw back to scared death and other strictly go with the profane death, there are many who combine convictions in birth directions, we can see in the many current revolutions around death and near death each side and both together in a fascinating combination, most of those who seek a greater meaning in death are drawn back to the scared death of old, whether it is Tibetan Buddhism, alternative healing, the hostess movement or perhaps all of the traditional streams and convictions, the scared death calls us to rediscover its fruits. However it is all to easy to relax back into that façade of sacred death which we have evolved beyond and can retreat to in idealistic sentiment, but it is not really true. Profane death has taught us that each one must stay within their own immediate experience and be as vibrantly committed to their journey on its own terms as they can ever be. The clock cannot be turned back, it is so consoling to return to spirt roots in deeply uncertain times, but the truth is that profane death is in many ways an advance from the sacred death of old. One particular example must sufice; the side of sacred death which had to be put behind us at all costs is the perpetual dreaming into a mute surrender to the infinite power as living in the heavens as where we truly belong. This is a blasphemy on the earth experience, I will not go for it at all. Profane death lead us by the hand to recognize that we are very involved now with this earth and this body, and we cannot lightly leap forth into infinite brightness and just be glad to be done with mortal limitation. 

However there is one side of profane death that is at least as treterous as other worldly infinities could ever be, no matter what way you put it, there is an underlying heavy bias in profane death against making full connections between the living and the dead. If each ones death is strictly their own, and if what each one comes to when dying is mearly their own affair, then the world beyond death becomes of no interest or inherent value. Just as sacred death over valued the heavens and under valued the earth, is extremely true of profane death that earth is taken as real, and heaven as something not there and questionable. We need both realms real and linked and meaningful.

radical death is not just the best of scared death and profane death put togther. It is something new, emergant in evolution, just not becoming possible. As a piineer in the domain of radiel death, i wish to explore it its far reaching implications, for the whole of the way we link with death and make the heaven earth connection. Porfane death killed us all, it ended our honeymoon with total exsistance, murdered our tender sensiblityes, and thenit eft us hanging in the void. We tried to turn back to sacred death as some kind of answer, but we could no longer beleive in a perfect hierarchy of worlds we had to force ourselfs to swallow the orthodoxies that came with sacred death. Radical death manifested as a very hard path to take, but one with limitless cosmic support. It all started with a desperate realization in the thick of dying that I can report in purely impassioned terms. 

I had seeped myself in 3 sacred traditions around death, the bahaias, the antropathisis, and the new aged varient all agreed on several facrotr. I was findng that these agreements no longer applied to me. Each one of these assumed that i would be drawn to the cosmic and the divine and that I would feel my earthly exsistance to be something old and tried, old and tired, ill and used up, and that would be that. But I was a women of a new reality all together, I was first of many to follow, and I felt total ripped off by this marvellous spiritual idea. So I had to try on a big dose of profane death in order to counter the  and the resignation and all that crap. When I went big for profane death, what I loved about it was that now I had the dignity of being able to feel that my situation was horrendous and I could not find any cheap consolation anywhere. However rapidly I came to know that this was no viable alternative my mental doubts we just being amplified. My personal shadow was being supported and coddled every magnetic pull downward was made to seem heroic and inevitable, what was getting empowered was my little self with all of my rough edges and delusory fragments, this was no way to move towards a death that would mean anything to anybody. Out of shear desperation I had to throw off both the sacred death traditional and belief systems, and the profane death assumptions and dark skepticisms, what a relief to be done with every model of how I could die or what I was dying into. Then arose simultaneously from deep inside as one of me, and equally all around and beyond me, a radial impulse, a desire, a demand, a scream, something else. I found a being in me who was set on her course, and her course was to be reborn in the dying, she wanted both worlds as intragel as her own. this whole arbitrary decision between one world and another, one life and another, seemed to to the dying Sara to be absurd and grotesque and in sufferable, she could not go for this whole charade, but what could she do? she had to trust and beleive in this arrant impluse of hers, and everything seemed to say yes to it. You would think this drive be to much for other to take, but everybody said on every plane at once, yes this is it, go with this feeling you are carrying our best chance. Radical death was coming up to meet me in every conceivable direction, it was keyed every moment to me saying an astoundlying bosiferous yes to what ever my body was doing. It was externded beyond this to conveyng on the outside to the living souls helping me, and simaltainously  on the inside to the inner plane beings heling me, that "I am with you, and you are with me and I know it and you know it" Then it took off from there, radical death pushed and pulled me so hard, so fast that i could never think about anything for a moment. Instead I had to feel and sense, feel and sense, I stared bypassing the survival circut and equally the dying circut. I was not willing to be taken away from my self by death, nor yanked back from deaths splendor, by the urge to preseve to preseve this body. I had to balence teater, hold that edge, hug my moment by moment sense for how much death, and how much life i could be a part of. Soon I got to the crux point of what radical death is all about; when you are not death fixated, nor life bound, but rather moving rapidly, pulsating between these 2 pole, and never knowing what this will put you through next. You crack through to a new place, the evolving place of earth the evolving place, of earth and heaven untied in this body that is dying and re-borning as one. Inside the evoling place I was authentically aware of both worlds at once, I could see around me the outer physical, I could feel ermeating me the inner comic's, nobody was hanging on to me nor pulling me over the line. Everybody was in the same rhythm , on both sides of the threshold, we were doing all this together. It was the start of a greater collaborative network. 
There were 2 Sara's, one of me was dying, and this one was very familiar, the other was re-borning into a greater familiar, and she was even more familiar. By letting both Saras, breath me homeward, I was one quite a ride, there was nobody to reject and nobody to try to join. It was just the motion the music, this dance of dying re-borning, breathing giving up body enjoying everything about the body even when it hurt, which is always did. Radical death was an intensive discovery I was making only in the moment, which was the only time there was, yet I was in a multitrack world, a seemingly autonomous track of awareness, knew how to process karma's in a final way. Another apparently autonomous track of awareness was getting ready for a bigger task that was standing at the center of all evolution. One other autonomous track was doing the most incredible of them all, she was over seeing from sprit central. This one was neither living nor dead, neither me nor beyond me, this was a Theanna being I would inevitably become through death. Yet as she smiled upon me, and warmed me through in no way did I feel that she lived among the dead. She seemed to be as detached from the dead as from the living. So Theanna pulled Sara through a new kind of radical death, she knew just how to do it, as awe wore off and the relentless process completed itself, Sara and Theanna become one, and this was called death. The body could not go where we were going to be, yet we would find our way back, for we are no longer one worlders in any one world. Both worlds are ours, no worlds are ours, the paradox continues. We got to the root and merged there forever
	