**Aries** - *self becomes empowered by itself* 

All sides of self activated into central core current. We comes up against the shadow self. We are stuck on the truth of our existence, stark naked and honest. We begin Overflowing with the wonder of discovery. Becoming consumed by the upward direction of inner spirit. We bring spirit down by expressing it through the contact of senses on earth. Becoming divided by the rational earth and the direction of inner sprit. Life becomes a game of teasing in between the lines. The vision of the future must integrate the past. The rational side comes up against our need to make change. The higher self intervenes and becomes a central observer to our reality. We are faced with a continuous awakening to a higher presence. Forces ask us to strengthen by building up resistance from all in directed karma. Allowing us to become on our own path no matter what. We become plugged into the awareness of the unique self. Start cooking up our own raw intelligence from within. Senses become deeply in tune with the internal ripple of our experience. We come into presence within to be set free from our ego. Ego can no longer dictate our course and we move from a force within. The being is empty of identity and only moves from necessary action. All that is cultivated within begins to come true. We are taken by storm to let the journey of dreams unfold. Joy and freedom lead the way of self discovery. Our resources are stored within us waiting for the right time for them to be released. We gather remarkable inner strength and are stimulated by our destiny. Being able to do anything externally but cannot deny the shadow of experience. Greater forces intervene to accompany a destiny to make sure it will be fulfilled. These greater forces give light to the hidden parts of darkness. The image of who we are is dissolved.   
  
**Taurus** - *birthing dreams in self*   
  
We emerge on to earth deeply inside our own inner world. The inner world becomes drowned by the external environment. The self learns to shine for its inner experience. We begin practising connecting the inner and outer worlds. Refining the balance between the outer and inner.  So we can share our inner experience. We give this experience out to our world. Our senses become pulled into the external experience. We recognize we are the only one who can satisfy our experience here. Becoming driven by our own desires. Our life becomes a reflection of those desires. We learn we are the ones who create this reality. We become the memory and a vision. We become catalyzed by a destiny. We are opened towards our inner purpose. Our destiny births onto earth. We becoming a living destiny on earth working for the earth. Working to do the best on the outside. We ask what else is there when you have everything you want? Must bring the inner experience into the outer experience, we enter into a timeless present. Presence with our world, ignites a vision beyond. We work to manifest the experience happening with in. Becoming a perfect working machine for our internal world to come outside. Through witnessing our experience we recognize we are creating the process in side, outside. Noticing the outer and inner worlds revolving around my experience. We are moved into action by the feeling that everything is happening for a reason. We learn to trust the process of everything we are going through. Life becomes an amusing ride. When we can trust where we have been is bring us forward.   
  
Gemini   
Stimulated by the world and given a quick response to the experience. We recognize and categorize the experience within our mind. Our perception works to integrate many sides and find a balance within our awareness. We being to share and communicate our internal understanding with the world. The inner and outer worlds learn to work together. They form a unity within the self. The self becomes aware that its internal world is separate from the external one. We practise making connections between the internal experience and the outer world. Through sensing into the past and the future, and all worlds. The self becomes aware of a hidden current connecting all things. We begin to shine the light from our inner vision. The vision expands into the future. We learn to cultivate the future with in us. Our wide spread internal awareness begins to see all sides of the worlds. We begin to cover all ground of the present moment to activate the future. We cook and combine all of our experiences into our density. Becoming consciously ahead of our time. We expanding into a density ahead of time. Becoming an vessel for infinity to flow through us. The self expands into all sides of the world. Advancing its destiny to the next level. We take a pragmatic approach to achieving the results. A higher force intervenes to crush the ego. So we can expand our connections and continue manifesting freely. We become a reflection of the future. Then an embodiment of a future vision. This takes us out of time and we have to return to presence. So we can harvest the gifts that live ahead of their time. Using our power in all directions. We can sense that there is light everywhere.   
  
**Cancer**   
We begin by creating our world within us. Then we see in in reality, and have to dump the preconceptions of what we though it should be. Find a central theme in our experience. Returning to our roots, to purge our past. Testing our expression. Making room for ourselves to come inside our world. We embody our vision of utopia. Partaking in both the light and dark of our vision. We learn to be able to exist in the dark. We push past any obstacles. Learning to come up against our fears. We uncover the soul in our depths. Begin sorting through the world to uncover the soul in everything. Navigating through the unknown experience. We get stuck between what we know and fear. We learn to exist with our fears.  Moving through our self in this world. We play in between the dark and the light, self and world. Begging to share and test out our true self on earth. We become guided unconsciously. Turning into a walking treasure. making room around our world so that goodness can emerge. We begin to reconstruct our world. By creating a foundation for the past to come forward. Becoming a voice for the community. We become a ceremonial social glue. Able to fuse together opposing world's. Knowing how to navigate the depths of earth. We are backed by our past. To extract the fruits of life.   
  
**Leo** - *bringing all sides of self to earth*

We remember who we are inside and hold the power of our heart. The self sees itself in the world. Knowing exactly where to go and how to act. We become carried away with excellence and fitting the role. The heart revels to us the hidden agenda of its own path. We are unable to keep up with the pace of the world around. So the inner journey becomes extended. We give ourselves the space to preform and become. Learning to be our quintessential self. We given to others what we do to ourselves. Our inner strength is taken away. We are infused by a deep power in the earth. We flow into full expression of the heart. Planting the seed for the growth of our full potential. We grow into our self in all directions. We are transported to the discovery of new worlds. Working to crush down the walls of what's preventing growth for others. We learn to work for something greater than self. We seek to bring our world alive. Holding our inner strength amongst the hardship. We play into the drama of polarity. We can express ourselves fully without shame. Becoming selflessly ourselves. Flooded with spirit presence. Connecting to a hidden plan, under our perceived appearance.  Further connecting to the mystery's under the surface. Serving exterior world, while attending to the inner garden. Learning to serve the outer and inner more fully. We are given assistance by a higher power. Given the strength to bring heaven down to earth.   
  
**Virgo** - *birthing dream into world*, uncovering unknown worlds

The earth begins to surface through the self. We become a vessel to witness the true nature of earth. The self becomes a door to connect heaven and earth. We channel our magic into a pragmatic disguise. Sensing into everything good and bad. We learn to celebrate that everything is alive with potential. Discovering ourselves in all circumstances and directions. We find the value in every experience. We must bring forward all of our dimensions. Begin to discover a hidden inner possibility in everything. Sensing into the root of each experience. We probe the under current. Becoming aware of the cyclic nature of life. We become the process ourselves. Learning to renew and replenish our power . To move forward from hardship and darkness. All sides of self rise together. We are able to emphasize through the eyes of anyone. All the details and nuances becomes extraordinary and revelling. The unknown and unseen current begins to mix with the known. The self seeks to know its unknown self by witnessing inside itself. We become obsessed with perfecting our internal process. It is our duty to uphold our truth to humanity. We work to connect humanity through our truth. We practise staying true to our nature. Our view of reality is fixed and set. We hold inside our self our dream for the world. The world strengthens our discernment on reality. We are initiated within to discover our depth. So we can bring forth our part in the puzzle of the world.   
  
**Libra** - 

We become identified collective and our world. We merge and metamorphose into our surroundings. Seeking to cook up our own world from our experience. We try on masks and personalities. Until we become more curious to discover what is actually alive here. An inner quest begins from a selfless exterior. The inner becomes a response to the outer. We learn the regenerative lesson of loosing centre. Beginning to extend ourselves into all directions. We fill the presence with our charm. Beginning to sense into the power to make change. We are stuck between ourselves and our desire to change. We must re-root in the guiding force of love. Learning to enjoy the process of transformation. Finding a way to express the expanding world within. We hold the magic within our being. Learning to tune out the exterior to access our inner power. Behaving in the utmost exploratory fashion. We learn to let our inner child play. Finding infinite discovery in all places. We let go of our insecurities to make way for the change to come through us. Connection to deeper source spring brings power through us. We are caught between the inner and outer worlds, watching them grow. Our world becomes a mirror for our inner experience. We become a link between the present and future. Becoming something beyond the individual. Remembering how to love our self beyond its identity. We have to power to do the best for this world. So we become devoted to exposing all sides of reality for everyone.   
  
Scorpio   
  
We embrace the dark to learn to work with our strangeness. We recognize we have a bias that creates our perception. We starve ourselves of our identity. Plunging selflessly into the storm to give life to the dark. Obsessed with fusing together the light and dark aspects of life. Creativity combining a whole new way of being. Uncovering what is real and what is not to find ourselves again. Inwardly driven to move on from our past and where we have been. We must overcome our own beliefs. To bring the parts of us that died, back alive in new form. We can sense our worlds needs saving and protecting. To becoming infinitely reborn from what is not. Our reborn self learns to sync up with the external world. We console our limitations within the external world. Given a redemptive power to ignite the dark and magical realms. Bringing to life what everyone would not like to see. Devoted to a hidden inner world. Fusing our soul towards a greater purpose. A gateway to the greater world beyond personal dramas  Greater world lives inside, awaiting its disclosure. Seeing everything as it is down to its bare existence. Becoming a vessel for all that is and ever were. Inner world expands into unknown realities. Inside knows there is far beyond what is seen. Inner world lives in the current of the under world. We are driven from forces deep below the subconscious. A future vision super charges body. Self is abandoned for a greater plan. Power within shifts and attaches to the events and experience. We completely surrender to break free of karmic doubt.  
      
**Sagittarius** - igniting inner vision into action. getting rid of identity and ego to become whats is possible. 
  
We feel all the limitations about being a person, trapped insecurities. Becoming one with it all, fanning out in all directions. No map, we are being guided by destiny itself. Seeing all sides of self in the reflections of the world.  Living into all sides, past, present and future all at once, self is undecided. Perpetuating a vision and dreams into all sides and beyond time. We end up on our own wave length. The density of time frequency must soften the heart. We open into freedom and are unable to be tamed. We are amazed at the experience of being our full self. Our reflection of self fits together but who is the observer. We feel the need to break free of identity. Embracing our true form. We learn the art death. We can live on edge the edge of life break through into vision. Ingenious and resourceful, reaching for far off goal. Freeing up and moving out moral standards to harness change. Protected from opposites and polarization, we move straight through. Coming up against the reflection the world projections, we must learn to let go. Life opens up to enhance all opportunity and possibility. We tune into to a universal language and pulse of time. Harnessing the magic seeping out at the seems. Fresh awakening to the new on a cellular level- tuned in all the way. Connecting to a stream of ancient wisdom and heart connection. No ego, no identification, let go and the soul will know. Becoming devoted to the bigger picture, and evolutionary currents. Self remembers that it is its own world, and the perspective flips inward. Begin setting boundaries to create our own world within the greater context. Letting go of control and let the ego bust. We find ourselves and loose it again and again to the process  
  
**Capricorn**  - *releasing self to discover truth* 
  
There is no outer influence to the direction within. The strength of the inner interior is known. Strength is tested to teach to release the self. We must remember our greater plan. We become a figure of the greater whole for all. Witnessing the greatest truths of earth. Moving through our shadow and all personal karma. Mastering the corruption of self over self. Calling in greater worlds for support. Driven to find all untainted and pure life. Self identity is trapped between inner truth and world. Defining inner truth by physical World. Extracting maximum efficiency of physical world. Feeling responsible to hold the earth to potential and vowing to its higher power. Driven deeply by internal feminine wisdom and power. Straight intent on finding external results. Making internal sense into physical prof. Inner endeavour syncs up with exterior goal, we get to work. Outwardly unable to keep up to inward goal, self aware of what's not. Greater forces and beings accompany our journey. We play into past karma of the world. Die to our memory to make clear internal vision.  Becoming a presence of focal clarity. Driven by a destiny that the mind is not aware of. Programmed by spirit to take up the world karma. Remembering truth of earth and returning essence. Moving forward from a memory. Addressing all the distortions that have emerged, and attempting to fix them. Recognizing there is essence in everything. Sensing infinity in everything on earth.   
  
**Aquarius** - *stitching our growth into the fabric of time*. *Hidden awareness grows into creative power.*Becoming timeless, detaching from earth to meet infinity. 

Suspended between whats real and something greater. Logical side hides awareness of hidden greatness. Expanding hidden greatness, vastly open to future currents. Logical experience is shattered, and we seek new vision. Trust in the unknown innovates new life stream. Life force runs wild through all frequencies. We trip on the external reflection of time. New currents beyond time are created and opened. Rational world sensing into future currents. Locally discovering an undercurrent of future potential. Diving into destroy whats not working while appearing naïve and innocent. The extremes explode between what's real and not and we recognize it's a self created perspective. Past polarization is erased and given a chance to sync into timelessness. We move through the dark seeking to bring it out hidden potential. Following the vision all the way though, but the external world doesn't add up so easily. Technical and factual to the extreme, justifying of self perspective. Knowing exactly what you know and who you are. A rich soul with deep inner knowing living simply. Becoming the utmost observer to the evolutionary universe. Nothing else is asked by to be here and observe. Infusion of love leads to real inspiration. Completely detached of personal image expression. You become the experimentation of change. Moving through all sides of self and change, future and past. Becoming one with the current of the collective. Seeing the earth ahead of time. Learning to involve heart and creativity into inward endeavour. Transported into timeless effortless embodiment. All universes become one, creative power activated.   
  
**Pisces**  - *dreams embrace darkness and creative undercurrent*.Using collective emotions to harness creative power 
  
Our being is born from the depths of the collective ocean. Exploring the layers of being a self in a world of identity. Pulled deep inside to remember purpose. Drawn under to the awakening into depths. Selfless eyes able to see through the identity of others. Becoming a vessel for the rebirth of souls.  Protective shell allows observations into the ethereal world. Broken shell fixes itself with pure creative forces. The suffering recognizes sacred process and internal power. Harnessing power of the collective emotional current. Deeply connected internal awareness is contrasted to surface experiences. Recognizing the collective drama. Dragged into the undercurrent. Connecting to the secret souls power. Emerging to share gifts to the surface for social cultural renewal. Infinitely vast inner life within tiny human body. Held inside the world of worlds within worlds. Creativity germinates quietly within. Inner creative oasis. Our internal created experience opens to the world. Becoming one with the time as a life force energy. Bringing forth the darkness from from the depths. External darkness on the outside protects subconscious internal conceiving. Inner power explodes all constraints. Rising and moving through the dense collective energy. Into the grasps of infinity experienced on earth. Following the subtle traces of a deeper path. An opening in the centre for spirits to pass through. The self is a vessel to see beyond the darkness of earth. Bursting with awareness with the highest aura flowing through.