
happy birthday Saturn. My chest felt so full this morning, i woke up to a feeling in my spine that had to get itself moving. It was the kind of anticipation I had waited my whole life for, and now it was coming. now I would make it into being. Now i would tell the story of my life.But it had to be slowly, to recokon with each  pice of its created form. I had been at work for years and now it was coming true. Not in one day, as a slow fade. 

Painting the vegan way wall was a trip. I would talk to people all day long, different worlds, different stories and places, all saying the same thing. Not really, but around the same way. How long you been in Nepal? how long you staying? are you a painter? how long you've been doing this for. I was slowly developing a strength to stay in the world I was creating, and weave in and out these distractions. There was a lot of un truth within the mix, meant to tempt me and pull me to see the work clearer. I was no longer going to paint for people who didn't deserve it, i was being taught this lesson in full that day. 

I borrowed the bike to head down to the immortal inn. I had been approached by a couple people from this business while painting and they had asked me to come check out their hotel to paint. I am in the business of making money at this point, and had ensured they had a budget before coming by the Hotel. When I pulled into the property off the main drag in Pokhara i entered into a well crafted sanctuary with a large garden, and was immediately  greeted by a hi pitched male scream, sila! smiling and excited i greet the man i recognized having coffee. He leads me towards the back of the property where a group of men are sitting in the shade playing a game and drinking tea. He's exited to announce the building they are next to is a 300 year old restored house, and I enter it eagerly even though it's filled with junk. I remain passionate and confident as I begin to notice the way the men see me as a piece of meat. I ask what the name means to a gentlemen who would consider himself a leader. He says in his culture immortal has a lot to do with their Religon, and that everyone lives forever, blah blah blah, but i play up on this comment as a way to inspire the art. Someone offers me a tea. They tell me about the concept for the space, something to do with using it as a place to relax. I go back to my bike and grab my phone to show picture of the work i've created. I can sense these guys are playing with me. 

Have you tried guava, he tosses me a small green ball. Can i eat the skin? yes try it. The way i eat the guava makes me feel naive to these people. He asks me what if I want anything for the mural. This is the time to say it, yes money. Hahaha they laugh, you can do it for time here in the space to relax, you can do it just for fun. Are you a professional. i show him the pictures of what I am working on, he understands this is not free work. I thought you were just doing this for fun. I laugh and tell them how i already have places that I am exchanging things for murals and now I need to get payed. maybe another time they say. I cancel the tea, and leave, they are shocked. 

The bitter sweet taste of guava stays on my tongue as I ride back freely through the streets of Pokhara. I am becoming a new person, and it hurts me and strengthens me at the same time. I am hurt by the way I am being treated, by the boundaries I have broke in myself to conform. I am strengthened by the building of walls to create a castle, that I can make into an infinite playground,. Turns out not everyone is invited to the infinite play ground. Some of us are major road blocks. 



