Underneath the sea of infinite scrolling is the desire to give our time away and make it worth something to someone else. We share stuff and cool moments and all sides of our life and what we are saying underneath the surface is I want to take your time, I want to get your attention. We are taking something from each other with this need to entertain, we are feeding our friends, followers, and the world we love, with more and more information. Maybe this information is helpful, but is it helpful that we provoke others to rely on these screens to receive what we need? and what are we taking from their experience by providing this entertainment?

Our ability to imagine into our world is being sacrificed. To imagine what is possible in our experience comes when we give ourself time not to know. We reach for these phones and devices when we are searching for something - for a feeling, for an answer, for something we are not getting in our world, what ever we are looking to receive, we can find through the screen. This means that we loose the ability to create our own imagined experience, because we have someone else to do it for us.

We have made it a job to create the best attention seeking imagined experience. To create the version of a life on screen that we want to live, we live through these experiences, and then we put down the phone and forget how to do it to our actual reality.  The question that I have is can we use these screens to help us imagine into the experience we are already having with more fullness. Can we notice our reliance on this known world and flip the reason for why we share so that we can give more energy back into the imagined experience. 

When we share for no reason we provoke our viewer's to create and imagine their own experience from what they see. When we don't share the most amazing moment or have the most curated feed, we don't give off the feeling that we have a life worth living, therefore provoking those who watch us to want to leave their life and enter ours. We are not attempting to take anything, and instead invoke the feeling that life is what ever you make from it. We give the world we love its permission to create from it. 

The other solution I have discovered